
“Barrington is where you’ll go.” My mother told me that when I was
twelve. No argument.
I like Barrington, don’t get me wrong, but it just wasn’t my first choice. I
wanted to be normal for once. I went to a private school all my life, so
Barrington feels no different. It’s secluded in the middle of Pennsylvania.
It’s for rich kids—the elite. The ones with criminal records a mile long that
daddies have paid off and judges have brushed under the rug. What could
possibly go wrong when you put them all in one place? They are the men
and women born and bred to take over their family’s business one day. The
degrees are formalities. You need the accolades on paper even though
they’re just handed that billion-dollar empire once they graduate.
I guess that’s another factor that led me here to the middle of nowhere at
this cathedral—bored out of my fucking mind. Every day of my entire life
has been planned out for me. The sports I was allowed to play, the grades I
had to make. The man I’ll marry.
It’s been painfully exhausting. Do you ever just want to shut it all off?
Not have to think about the next second of your life? Go on an unplanned
road trip? Have a one-night stand with the cute guy you scrolled past on
your timeline? Social media makes you think you have all this freedom, but
you don’t. Not really. You’re stuck behind a device watching others live out
their dreams. You post selfies of fake smiles and expensive clothes, hoping
that someone will envy you. Reassure you just how good you have it. All
the while hating your life. “Smile, dear, you never know who is watching
you,” my mother always tells me.
Desperation is never pretty.
Ryat is my way out. Being a chosen one is my escape. Well, at least for
now. Who knows how long it’ll last? Maybe it’s all for pretend, but it’s
something I want to do.
Taking in a deep breath, I begin to climb the stairs into the building.
Pushing open the heavy doors, they squeak, informing whoever is here of
my arrival.
My heart hammers in my chest while I walk down the central aisle.
Figures fill the large pews on either side. They’re all dressed in black cloaks
and white masks. I wasn’t raised religious, so I’ve never been to church
before. I always expected places like this to be the color of gold—shiny and
expensive—to give you an overwhelming feeling of calmness. That
couldn’t be further from the truth.
It’s old. The high ceilings are the same color as a dark night. You can see
there were once paintings on them, but over time have faded to
unrecognizable. The floor is covered in leaves and branches. It’s just as cold
as it was outside and the old stained-glass whistles from the heavy winds.
Ahead of me looks to be a large stage and altar. On both sides are long
staircases that take you up to a loft overlooking the congregation. In the
middle of the loft sits a tub for baptism sunk into the floor up against the
ledge. The side facing us is all glass to allow the people of the church to
witness. Three steps on either side step down into the water, and it has to be
about four feet deep.
I make my way on shaky legs to the front, leaves and branches that cover
parts of the rotting floor crunching under my heels. Old, outdated, and very
abandoned-looking, this place is nothing like the hotel where they live.
Makes me wonder why they would use it for anything.
Coming to a stop at the front, I notice in the first two rows, sitting next to
the ones dressed in cloaks and masks, are women. None of which are
covered. They’re like me. Each wearing dresses and heels. The girl on the
far end catches my attention.
It’s Sarah.
I go to walk over to her but stop when I see the woman next to her. It’s
the blonde from the party at the house of Lords. Matt’s girlfriend.
Is he here? If so, he’s wearing a cloak and mask. The hairs on the back of
my neck rise, thinking he’s watching me, but I notice you can’t see any of
the women’s hands or arms. Looking closer, I realize they must be behind
their backs. My heart hammers, blood rushing in my ears at the eerie silence
in such a large building. It’s deafening.
I jump when a hand lands on my shoulder from behind. I try to turn
around, but it prevents me from doing so. Instead, he runs his hands down
my arms slowly, and I know he can feel me shaking. When he gets to my
wrists, he gently brings them behind my back.
I close my eyes, knowing I’m going to accept what’s coming. No matter
what happens here tonight, it’ll be because I took a chance. I chose to be
here. I choose to be his for however long he decides he wants me.
He grips both of my wrists in one of his hands, then I hear the sound of
metal. My chest rises and falls with each erratic intake of breath. I look out
at Sarah, and she has her head down, staring at the floor. A quick glance
down the first row shows them all doing it.
The cold metal wraps around my wrist, and he secures the handcuffs one
at a time to the point they pinch my skin, making me whimper.
“Are they too tight?” I recognize Ryat’s voice, pulling my hair off my
shoulder.
“Yes,” I answer softly.
“Good.” Then he tightens them each one more click, and I hiss in a
breath.
“Will you hurt me?”
“Yes.”
I expect there to be pain involved, and a part of me is excited about that.
Grabbing my upper arm, he yanks me back.
Ryat.
I LEAD HER up the stairs with my hand on her upper arm, my fingers digging
into her soft skin. I’ve been waiting for this day for too long. Seems like
forever since I was told to take her as my chosen. But it’s finally here.
Making our way to the platform, I bring her over to the small pool-like
structure that was added for us to perform the ritual.
The Lords were given this building a long time ago. The first thing they
did was gut the inside. It’s not your average cathedral. Things have been
added to accommodate our traditions.
She fumbles to a stop at the edge, and I hear her breathing pick up. I’m
about to tell her to get into the water, but she takes the first step herself. I
bite back a smile. My girl wants to give herself to me, and I can’t wait to
make her mine.
Usually, this is done with the chosen naked, but she will be leaving her
clothes on. I don’t want anyone seeing her body. The point of the ritual is to
cleanse them from their past sexual partners, but I’m extremely territorial
over what’s mine. I’ve watched women at Barrington for the last three years
throw themselves around waiting for the day to be a chosen one. It just so
happens that she’s never had sex. But the vow ceremony must be
performed, nonetheless, in order to solidify the ritual. He still kissed her,
held her, and messed around with her, I’m sure. I want to wipe any piece of
him remaining clean from her body.
As part of the ritual, we have to show ownership. You either fuck their
mouth, pussy, or ass. It’s not to please them. It’s for us to claim them. So,
since I’m selfish and refuse to show what I have, her mouth will do. Once
we’re done here, I’ll take her out back and fuck that tight cunt in the woods,
on the ground or up against a tree. It doesn’t matter. Everyone will see she’s
mine from the bite marks on her legs and hickeys on her neck.
Blakely will be owned by a Lord. I will make sure everyone is well
aware of that.
She takes the last step, the warm water coming up to her chest as I stand
next to her. Letting go of her upper arm, I reach out and push the dark hair
from her face, getting it wet with my fingers. She looks so pretty right now
with her makeup done and hair fixed. I’m getting ready to ruin it. “Recite
your vow,” I order.
Her eyes widen for a brief second, and she licks her lips nervously. Then
she takes in a deep breath. “I vow.”
Good girl. She was paying attention to the flyer that she had wadded up
in her hand. “You vow,” I acknowledge and nod my head at her to say the
last part with me.
“We vow,” we say in unison.
Then I reach up, gripping her hair while I kick her feet out from
underneath her and shove her under the water. Holding her there. She starts
to fight immediately. So hard, that the water splashes over the top of the
glass, falling to the first floor.
Yanking her up, she begins choking the moment her face breaks the
surface. I drag her over to the stairs to my right and sit on the top one,
letting go of her for a quick second to undo my belt followed by my jeans.
She’s gasping for breath while coughing up water at the same time. It’s
the only sound in the church. Everyone below sits silent, patiently waiting
for me to claim my chosen one. Matt included. I hope the fucker sees how
much she wants this. Me.
She’s hunched over the best she can without her face being in the water,
most of her now wet hair covers it. She can’t do anything about it since her
hands are still cuffed behind her back.
I pull my hard cock out and stroke it a few times, allowing her an extra
second to catch her breath, knowing I’m about to make it worse. Then I
reach out, gently moving her hair from her face with my fingertips to get a
look at her. Black puddles under her eyes before running down her cheeks.
Her wet lashes are stuck together, and her parted lips are trembling while
water runs off her chin. Her pretty blue eyes are red and full of
apprehension.
It’s too late now, little one. You belong to me.
I slide my hand through the water, gathering up all her long, wet hair to
the back of her neck. Once I have it all, I grip it and yank her to me.
“Kneel,” I order, and her knees fall to the third step, below me, making her
whimper. “Open your mouth.”
Her wide eyes look over my dick, and I smile at the look of terror she
has. She takes in one last deep breath and licks her lips before opening her
pretty painted mouth for me. Gripping the base of my cock, I slide it into
her mouth.
I’m not gentle.
Her gagging fills the space of the church, and the water once again rolls
over the sides while I control her head. Up and down, it bounces on my
dick. She’s trying to fight me and pull away, but I don’t let go. Instead, I
grip her hair harder, forcing more of my cock down her throat. She closes
her eyes tightly, and her face scrunches as I hit the back, making her gag
again.
“Look at me,” I demand.
Her eyes open, and I can see the tears run down her cheeks through the
water already covering her face. “Relax and open up for me,” I whisper to
her, slowing my rhythm, giving her a second to catch her breath. She blinks,
and new tears run down her face. I scoot forward, my ass hanging off the
end of the step, getting in a better position.
I pull out, and she sucks in a gasp. “Open wide for me,” I say softly,
wiping the tears from her face with my free hand, smearing the black
eyeliner and mascara. “Stick your tongue out and breathe through your
nose.”
Swallowing, she opens her mouth as wide as it’ll go and sticks her
tongue out.
I bring her head down, her mouth taking me in once again. I lean my
head back and close my eyes, not caring to watch, just wanting to come. I
hit the back of her throat, and her body fights me while the gagging returns.
This time, I don’t let up.
My balls tighten, and my breathing picks up. I shove her head down one
last time and hold it there as I come, forcing her to swallow.
BLAKELY.
I’M GASPING FOR a breath as his cum, water, and drool runs down my
chin. My body shakes uncontrollably, my knees rubbed raw from the steps.
Everything hurts from tensing, and my hands have gone numb from the
handcuffs.
I remain kneeling as he lets go of me and stands. I look up at him through
the tears that still fall and watch him stick his semi-hard dick into his wet
jeans before zipping them up. He’s big—in both length and girth. My jaw
hurts from keeping it open, and my throat is sore from how rough he was.
Leaning down, he grabs my upper arm and pulls me to my feet. I’m not
even sure I can walk; my legs are shaking so hard. He pulls me out of the
water and over to the stairs. I drop my head to stare at my wet heels while
water runs off our soaked clothes.
He releases my arm and grips my hair, yanking my head up, and I
whimper. “Don’t be ashamed, Blake,” he whispers in my ear. “You’re my
chosen one. Be proud. I know I am.”
Leading me down the stairs, we go left at the bottom, and I keep quiet as
he takes me down a hallway and to a door.
We step outside. Looking around, I can’t see much. It’s dark outside, and
there’s only a single light on the building above us to illuminate this area.
The cathedral is surrounded by woods, and I squint, trying to see out into
the trees. The wind picks up, and I shiver. My soaking wet dress clings to
my body, and water still runs down my legs.
“What are we …?”
He turns to me, grabs my shoulders, and spins me around, shoving my
back into the building. I cry out as he crushes my restrained arms between
the church and me. He steps into me and cuts it off, slapping a hand over
my mouth.
Leaning his lips to my ear, he takes my lobe into his mouth and sucks on
it, making a shiver run up my spine. Pulling away, he whispers roughly.
“I’m going to fuck you right here, right now. That mouth is mine. That ass
is mine. That cunt is mine. You’re fucking mine!”
I whimper as my pussy starts pulsing at his words. I can’t imagine how
rough he’ll be on my body after what he just did to my mouth. I’m still not
sure if we’ve already had sex since I passed out the first time and drugged
myself the second time.
His emerald eyes are on fire. It makes my stomach turn at how much he
wants from me. And at how much I want to give him. “You belong to me
now, Blake. And I’m going to take what’s mine.”
He moves his hand from my mouth, and I suck in a breath. Taking a step
back from me, I slump against the building. I’m not sure my legs can hold
me up anymore. Gripping the hem of my dress, he yanks it up to bunch high
on my waist. My breathing hitches when he digs his fingers into the top of
my thong and pulls it down my trembling legs, and he has to help me step
out of them.
“Please …” I beg, pushing off the church just a bit to relieve my arms.
My wrists hurt so bad, and my knees start to buckle, making me shuffle in
my heels. “Undo the cuffs …”
He shoves my underwear into my mouth and slaps his hand back over it,
pinning my head to the building. Water fills my mouth, and I choke on it,
making my body convulse against his before I can swallow it down. I blink,
and he watches fresh tears fall from my eyes at the act.
He lowers his lips back to my ear while his free hand slides between our
bodies and finds my pussy. “You don’t know what belonging to me means
yet. But I’m about to teach you, little one.” He trails his lips down the side
of my neck, and I tilt my head to the side to allow him access. “No one will
hear me fuck you, and no one will ever watch me fuck you.”
I breathe heavily through my nose while swallowing more water that
soaked my underwear. “But everyone will know you belong to me.” His
fingers gently massage my clit, and I moan. “I will show off my trophy
covered in bruises from my hands.” He spreads my pussy and slides a
finger inside me, forcing me to lift on my tiptoes. “Marks from my teeth.”
He bites down on my neck, and my body breaks out in goose bumps while I
cry out into my gag. “You live for me now.” He licks up the side of my neck
to my ear. “And I for you.” He thrusts in a second finger, and I suck in a
deep breath from my nose, closing my watery eyes. “You serve and obey
me. I protect and own you.”
My legs shake, my feet ache, and my arms hurt from being pinned, but
my pussy is dripping wet. And it’s not because I was just in water minutes
ago. I’ve never been treated like this. So dominated. My body is trembling
in anticipation for what he’s going to do to it. This is what it craves. What
I’ve imagined it would be like. I might have never slept with Matt, but I’ve
played with myself enough—my fingers and toys—that I’m so fucking
ready for him.
“Now … spread your legs and let me fuck my cunt.”
Ryat.
HER SMALL BODY trembles against mine, but she does as she’s told. She
spreads her feet the best she can, and I smile against her wet skin.
Mine!
She’s going to make the perfect chosen one. So eager to learn. So willing
to submit. I remove my fingers from her pussy, and she lets out a whimper.
“Do not spit this out,” I order, pulling my hand from her mouth.
She nods once. If I had tape, I’d add it, but I don’t. Plus, this will be a test
of just how well she will take her chosen one responsibility.
Reaching down, I undo my jeans and remove my cock. It’s been hard this
entire time. Her arms and wrists hurt? She should be a man. Sometimes you
get so hard it’s excruciating. It can bring you to your knees if you’re not
careful.
I step back into her, grip her right thigh, and lift her heel off the ground.
Holding it against my hip, I look down and watch the head of my cock push
its way into her sweet fucking cunt.
Mine!
I’m the first one to be there.
Her mumbled cry makes me smile as I force my way into her. She’s so
fucking tight. Well, the best I can in this position. I would prefer her ass up
in the air so I can really get deep, but I’ll do that when I get her back to my
place.
I wasn’t joking when I told her that everyone will know she belongs to
me. I have all night to have her any way I want. To mark my territory. And I
can’t wait to see the look on Matt’s face when I take her back to the house
of Lords. He should have taken my warning as the threat it was. I won’t
make the same mistake he did. I’ll put a leash on her so fucking short, she
won’t be able to breathe without my permission.
Dropping my face to her neck, I kiss her wet skin, pieces of her hair stick
to my lips as I pull my hips back and shove them forward, forcing more
incoherent noises from her gagged mouth.
“Fuck, Blake.” Her already tight pussy clamps down on my dick, and my
breathing picks up. My free hand drops to her other thigh, and I lift it as
well, using my body to press her back into the building. I start fucking her
hard with fast thrusts without protection. I will never use a condom with
her. No reason to. I’m clean, and I know she is too.
I haven’t had sex in over three years—since I took the oath the summer
before my freshman year. This is why the tradition was started. It shows us
what it’s like to taste power. Owning her is just a small fraction of what I
will do once I graduate from Barrington. The Lords don’t want us spending
our college years letting pussy get in our way. We have to prove that our
loyalty to the Lords is more important than our dicks.
I forgot how good pussy feels. How warm, soft, and pliable as it stretches
to accommodate my size. And she’s so wet, yet there’s still just enough
resistance that I have to force it. It’s taking my breath away. My hand just
wasn’t cutting it anymore.
My balls tighten on their own, and I grind my teeth, not wanting it to be
over. But bringing her out here wasn’t the best idea. There’s always a
chance someone could walk back here and see her, but the Lords are still
inside going through the ritual. I wanted to be first tonight because I wasn’t
going to fucking wait any longer.
Knowing I can’t hold it off, I drop her legs and pull out because I’m
going to come any second.
Stepping back from her, I grab her dress and yank her forward, forcing
her to her knees. Reaching into her mouth, I pull out her underwear and grip
her hair at the crown with that hand, yanking her head back. “Open your
mouth,” I rush out through gritted teeth.
She parts her lips and stares up at me, tears running down her makeupsmeared face.
Fucking beautiful! Just like I knew she’d be.
I grip my wet cock with my free hand just in time to stroke it once before
I come all over her face with a groan. The force behind it almost knocks me
to my knees. Leaning forward, I have to let go of her hair to place my hand
on the building behind her to keep myself upright.
Fuck me!
It was worth it. For it to be with her. Knowing that I can do that as much
as I want whenever I want. It’s an ego-stroking moment, for sure. The
power of that alone is almost a high, like being inside her.
Pushing off the wall, I try to calm my breathing as I look down at my
dick. There’s not any blood that I can see. But I’ve fucked enough women
before college to know that not all of them bleed. I figured the odds of her
doing so were small. When I dropped her off at her apartment after the
party, I went through her drawers and found all the toys that I’m guessing
she uses on herself. Anything like that could have stretched her hymen over
the years. Plus, she didn’t bleed when I finger-fucked her. Shoving my dick
into my jeans, I zip them up.
Crouching down to her level, I reach out and run my finger through the
cum that’s smeared across her cheek. “Tongue out,” I order.
She swallows before parting her lips and doing so. “Good girl,” I praise
her, and she whimpers, her body shaking. Running my finger across her
tongue, I clean it off. Then I run three fingers along her chin, picking up
more, and stick them into her mouth, pressing them to the back of her throat
and forcing her head back. She gags, eyes blinking with fresh tears, but she
doesn’t try to pull her head away. “Close.”
Her lips close around my fingers the best she can, and her tongue wraps
around them, making me groan when she sucks, wanting it to be my cock
inside of her mouth again. When done right, a mouth can feel better than a
pussy. Slowly, I pull them out, letting her lick them clean once again.
Satisfied with her obedience, especially with her lack of experience, I
stand and reach into my back pocket, pulling out the handcuff key.
She drops her head and lets out a soft sob knowing she’s being freed
from the unforgiving metal binding her wrists. I walk behind her and grip
her upper arm, pulling her to stand. She cries out and stumbles forward in
her heels, but I hold her. I inspect her wrists and hands before I undo them.
There’s a little bit of blood running down her hands from them cutting into
her skin, and they’re blue from lack of circulation.
This is her doing.
I had asked her if they were too tight in front of the Lords. It was for
show. When she said yes, I couldn’t show any weakness, so I tightened
them. But in all honesty, it was setting her up to fail. If she had said no, I
would have tightened them too.
The ritual is crystal clear on how we treat our chosen during the vow
ceremony. Whatever I do with her behind closed doors is a different story.
But I won’t go soft on her. That’s not who I am.
I was trained by a fellow Lord, and Ty taught me what was expected. We
are training these women for a higher power. Even I can’t save her from her
future. All I can do is prepare her.
She will know hell, but for now, I shall be her devil.
I undo the cuffs, and she lets out a soft cry before pulling her hands
around to the front. I yank her dress back down into place and bend down,
picking up her underwear before sticking it into my pocket. “Let’s go,” I
say and grab her arm, leading her around the building and to her car parked
out front.
BLAKELY.
HE PUTS ME in my passenger seat and gets in the driver’s seat. I had left
my keys in the car, along with my purse and phone; he starts it up and
drives us away from the building. I was in the middle of nowhere, so I
wasn’t worried about anyone taking anything.
I stay silent, rubbing my hands together. They tingle as the feeling finally
returns to my fingers. My wrists are raw and bloody. I still have cum on my
face, my hair, and on my chest. I’m not sure if I’m allowed to wipe it off.
I’m freezing cold, sitting in my wet dress, and my underwear are in his
pocket. My thighs burn, and my pussy is sore. It wasn’t nearly as painful as
I thought it was going to be, and it makes me wonder even more if I’ve
already had sex with him. After everything that has happened since classes
started, I don’t regret my decision to live my life how I want.
Yeah, some would argue that my agreeing to be his chosen one strips
away any say I have over my body, but I see it differently. I see freedom in
knowing that I belong to him. Someone who physically wants me. A person
can only handle so much rejection before they start to question why? What
is wrong with me?
“Where are we going?” I whisper, biting my bottom lip nervously,
wondering what now.
He looks over at me for a quick second before placing his eyes back on
the road. “House of Lords,” he answers before “I Don’t Give A …” by
MISSIO and Zeala begins to fill the car.

WE PULL INTO the gate of the hotel, and he parks my car before opening my
door for me.
Entering the place, it’s odd being here without it crowded with people.
No flashing lights or blaring music. Just silence. “Everyone is still at the
vow ceremony,” he states, knowing what I’m thinking.
He takes my hand and guides me to the bedroom where I once found my
stranger in a mask. He steps into another door, and it’s his private bathroom.
A long mirror and counter with double sinks are in front of us. A door to the
right is where the toilet must be. To the left is a shower that runs the full
length of the bathroom. It’s nothing but glass to see inside with three
showerheads. One at each end and the third in the middle. The floor is white
with dark gray walls. The countertop black. It’s weird to see nothing is
cluttering it like all the stuff I leave out on mine.
He lets go of my hand, turning around, and his emerald eyes meet mine.
My breath catches at the look in them.
He’s hungry.
They tell me everything that I was wondering. I know what we did in the
woods was just a sample of what he wants from me.
“Take a shower.” His eyes look over my cum-covered, makeup-smeared
face and then down over my body. “Get cleaned up.” Then he walks out,
shutting me inside.
He didn’t tell me to hurry, so I take my time. The water hurts my wrists,
but it’s not unbearable. I stand under the center sprayer and just enjoy the
warm water before washing my hair with his shampoo. Then I use his
bodywash, and it makes me wonder if this is why he brought me here. One
more way to claim me. It’s hard to deny a man if you bathe in his scent.
Turning off the water, I exit the shower and dry off with a white towel I
found hanging on a hook, being careful with my wrists. Looking around, I
realize I don’t have anything to put on, but I have a feeling that’s on
purpose.
I open the cabinet under one of the sinks and find mouthwash.
Unscrewing the lid, I throw some back. I swish it around before spitting it
in the sink. I’ve swallowed water that had no telling what was in it and cum.
Multiple times. I’d like to brush my teeth, but mouthwash will do for now.
Taking in a deep breath, I open the door and step out into his bedroom.
It’s what I would imagine a guy like Ryat to have—the dark walls are bare,
and the bed is covered in black sheets, a black comforter, and two pillows
with matching pillowcases. One tall dresser and one long dresser are dark
gray. There’s no TV or mirror hanging. I never paid attention last time I was
in here. Too drunk and also blindfolded.
He’s over by the long dresser with his back to me. He’s still wearing his
wet clothes, and I see the way his shirt sticks to his back and arms. You can
see every outline of muscle. They tense as he moves, digging around for
something.
I clear my throat, and he shoves the drawer shut. Turning around, his
tongue comes out, and he licks his lips while his green eyes look me over.
“Drop the towel,” he orders, and my heart accelerates.
I reach up and untuck it from my underarms and let it fall to my feet. I
already know he’s seen all of me. I swallowed that liquid, changed my
clothes, crawled into bed, and woke up naked hours later. He had undressed
me.
He walks over, his eyes on my breasts. Coming to a stop, he reaches out
and cups my right one, and I moan as he squeezes it. He’s in no way gentle,
but I love it. Whenever Matt and I would mess around, he’d be soft. I
always felt like I wanted more.
Ryat lets go and slaps the side of it. Making the skin sting and the sound
bounce off the walls in the room.
I jump back, gasping as a shock like electricity runs straight to my pussy,
making it pulse and raise my hands to cover them. A cruel smile spreads
across his face, knowing exactly what it did to me. Reaching behind, he
pulls the handcuffs out of his back pocket, and I whimper at the sight of
them. The cuts they left on my wrists start to throb once again.
“Put your hands down to your sides, or they’ll go behind your back.”
A choice. Willingly or forcefully. Why do I want him to force me? He
arches a brow at my hesitation and steps closer to me, but at the last second,
I decide to lower them to my sides.
“You’re such a good girl,” he whispers lovingly as he tosses the cuffs to
the bed.
A weird sense of disappointment washes over me that I chickened out.
He said he would hurt me, and I want that. If there’s no pain, then how do
you know you’re alive?
“Aren’t you?” he asks. Lifting his hand to run his knuckles over the tops
of my breast, he forces my thoughts elsewhere. My nipples harden as they
travel lower over them.
I want to be his good girl, but in a bad way. “Yes,” I breathe. My body
has never felt so alive. So needy for something that it’s already had. I didn’t
get off when he fucked me. But I have a feeling that was the point. It was a
show of ownership, even if no one was watching.
His eyes go to my neck. “Whose good girl are you?”
“Yours,” I answer softly.
“Mine,” he agrees.
He slaps the side of my breast again, and I yelp. It wasn’t as hard as the
first time, but it catches me off guard. My hands go to shoot up, but I shove
them back down to my sides.
The corners of his lips slowly turn up before showing me his gorgeous
smile. That alone has more wetness pooling between my legs. The man
knows exactly what he’s doing.
He does it again, harder this time, and I throw my head back, closing my
eyes and letting out a cry. But it’s not because it hurts. It feels so good.
He does the other one, and I moan this time, my body just slightly
jerking, starting to adjust to the sting.
“You like that, don’t you, Blake?” His voice is full of amusement. “So
much potential for my chosen one.”
I’m not sure what that means, and I’m not about to ask.
“Look at me,” he orders, all sense of humor gone.
I open my eyes and lower my head to stare up at him. His gaze drops to
my breasts. Reaching out, he takes both my hard nipples between his
fingers, and he pinches them. Hard. I rise up on my tiptoes, screaming out,
and he yanks me closer to him by them. I’m panting as he holds me in
place. I fist my hands down by my sides, sucking in a deep breath.
Letting go of them, I cry again at the sensation it gives. It felt good. So
good. “Get your heels.” He nods to the bathroom door behind me and then
turns, going back to the dresser.
I walk into the bathroom to find them lying on the floor where I had
taken them off for my shower. They’re still wet, and I pour what little bit of
water remains inside into the sink and go back to the bedroom.
“Put them on,” he orders, not even bothering to look at me.
Using the wall as support, I slide my feet into the six-inch Guccis.
They’re cold from the water, and my feet are already so sore from wearing
them earlier. But I’m not telling him that. I kinda like the pain.
He turns around, and I notice he has something in his hand. He tosses it
onto the bed. My eyes go to see what it is, but he reaches out and grabs me,
pulling me toward him.
I trip in my heels, falling into him, and he catches me. Bringing me over
to the foot of the bed, he spins me around to where I face it and lightly
smacks my ass. “Spread your legs. As far as you can.”
I see that he had thrown my underwear from earlier in the middle. He
smacks my ass again, getting my attention. And I place my hands on the
black footboard for support to spread them as far as they’ll go. He bends
down next to my left ankle, and I watch him reach under and pull out a
chain. It’s short, attached to a black leather cuff, and the other end is
attached to the post. He wraps it around my ankle, securing the buckle. I
pull on it just to see how much slack it has. There’s none. Then he walks
around to the other ankle, pulls it even farther to the other corner post, and
does the same.
Standing behind me, he places his hand on my back and pushes me to
lean over the footboard. It’s a little higher than where my hips are, so I have
to get up on my tiptoes to where it doesn’t dig into my stomach.
The moment my face hits the bed, I feel the muscles in my legs pull tight
from the position. I suck in a breath, trying to readjust myself, but it’s not
going to matter. I don’t think it’s supposed to be comfortable.
He walks over to the left side and bends down, grabbing another chain
from underneath the bed. “Right arm.”
I slide my left to him, and he just stares at me. “Right arm …?” I trail off,
repeating what he said, but he’s on the left side of the bed.
Leaning over, he grips my right hand and yanks it across the bed toward
him. He wraps the leather cuff around it, securing it, and I almost smile at
the feel of them. They’re not nearly as bad as the handcuffs. Then he walks
back around behind me and to the right. This time, he doesn’t even say
anything. He just grabs my left hand, crossing it over my right one, and
secures that wrist too.
My whole body is pulled tight, my upper body twisted like a pretzel. My
neck and chin sit on my upper arms, which makes it hard to breathe.
He opens up the top drawer to the nightstand and pulls out a small roll of
duct tape. My breathing picks up. He disappears behind me, and I try to
look over my shoulders, but I can’t. My arms crossed restrict the movement
of my head.
His wet jeans rub against my thighs before he leans over my back,
pressing my hips further into the footboard. The edge of the wood, digging
into my skin, makes me whimper.
Reaching out, he grabs the underwear. With his free hand, he grips my
chin and pulls it up off my arms, forcing my neck to arch back at a painful
angle. Without saying a word, he shoves the underwear into my mouth, and
then I hear the tape being ripped off. He slaps it over my lips, securing the
underwear in my mouth like earlier. At least they’re not drenched in water
this time, but they’re still damp.
He gathers all my hair and holds it at the base of my neck, still yanking
my head back. “A chosen one must understand patience.”
I try to adjust my already aching body, but nothing even budges an inch.
“She must understand obedience.” His free hand comes around and grabs
my neck, his fingers digging into the skin while taking my air away.
My body jerks, trying to fight it on its own, making the chains rattle and
the bed shake.
“And she must understand that her body is no longer hers.” He kisses my
cheek and releases my throat. My face falls to rest on my arms again, and I
take in a deep breath through my nose.
His hands touch my inner thighs, and I jump. “Every touch, every kiss,
every ounce of pleasure your body receives will come from me.” He softly
runs them upward, and his thumb pushes into my still sore pussy.
I moan, pushing against it, my body humming. Heart hammering, I can
feel my pulse racing.
“You will not even touch yourself.” Pulling his thumb out, he then
replaces it with two fingers, pushing them all the way in to his knuckles,
and it hurts so good. I whimper and tears begin stinging my eyes. “If you
disobey, you will be punished, little one.”
I try to twist my hips as his fingers move in and out slowly. I know he’s
taunting me, making me wet and needy. Removing them, I hear him drop to
his knees. And then his warm, wet tongue runs along my throbbing pussy.
I moan when he licks it. His hands come up to my ass, and he grips my
cheeks, pulling them apart. I tense as his tongue continues to slowly move
higher. I start trying to tell him to stop, but it’s just mumbled nonsense
while I yank on my restraints as hard as I can to no avail.
His fingers dig further into my cheeks when his tongue slides over my
puckered ass. Then just as quickly, it’s gone. He lightly kisses it with his
lips before letting go of my ass cheeks. But I don’t relax. I’m more tense
than before.
No, no, no, I shake my head. Matt and I never did anything back there.
He never tried, but I wouldn’t have let him anyway.
Ryat chuckles at my unease. “There is no need to fight it, Blake.”
Slapping my cheek playfully, he adds, “I’m going to own that too.”
Ryat.
I ENTER THE cathedral, checking my watch. They maybe have an hour left.
Taking a back pew, I slide in and sit down, fanning my arms along the
back of it. A rule of the Lords is that you watch your brothers accept their
chosen ones. Otherwise, there wouldn’t be a need to be present. You can’t
show ownership to an empty room. Plus, it makes all the younger members
hungry. Reminds them why they have to abstain from getting their dick wet
for three years.
I look up at the loft and see one of my brothers in the water. He’s got a
black hood over his chosen one’s head while he fucks her from behind.
She’s completely naked, her fake tits pressed against the glass side of the
square tub, and her hands are also cuffed behind her back.
Makes me think of Blakely. I left her tied and gagged to my bed to return
here.
He comes and yanks her out of the pool. With them out, I can see just
how low the water level is now. It’s not even waist-deep. Fucking in a bowl
will do that. The water has to go somewhere.
“Where’s your girl?” Gunner asks, coming to sit in the pew in front of
me. He turns in his seat to look at me.
“Not here,” I state. It’s none of his goddamn business where she’s at. I
made sure to lock my bedroom door so no one can get to her. And I gagged
her for that exact reason. I don’t want someone hearing her in there. The
Lords may be here, but there is still staff there. Now that the seniors can
actually use their dicks, it’ll be nothing but fucking orgies. They’ll pass
their chosen ones from room to room while having other women join them.
“Where’s yours?” I counter. He picked her best friend, Sarah.
“She’s passed out in my trunk.” He smiles.
“How many more are there?” I ask, looking around the room. All the
freshman, sophomores, and juniors are still seated in their masks and
cloaks.
“Two,” he answers, looking down at his watch.
Just then, I hear a woman say, “I vow.” As she stands in the water.
“You vow,” Prickett announces. “We vow,” they say in unison, and then
he shoves her underwater, where he places his foot on her back, holding her
face down to the bottom.
I look back at Gunner, and he’s checking his watch again. “Have
somewhere to be?”
“Sarah will be up in about thirty,” he answers.
Ahh, I nod. He’s drugged her, and it’ll be wearing off soon.
I hear the girl gasping as Prickett brings her up from the water, and
immediately, he pulls her out and goes to town on her ass. I’ve seen enough
Lords take their chosen ones over the last three years that I could go
without seeing them anymore. I couldn’t care less who and how they fuck.
Now that I’ve picked mine, I could do without everything else. I want to
live in my bedroom with her. Fuck that, I want to move out of the house of
Lords and go somewhere remote with her. Just us, no one around for miles.
Then I wouldn’t have to gag her, and I could listen to her scream my name
for hours.
Prickett and his girl finish up, and he pulls her out of the water while she
sobs. We make these women think they have a choice to be chosen. But not
all are. We are given a list of names that must be chosen before senior year
even starts. Manipulation isn’t hard. If you have someone repeatedly tell
you how great something is, you eventually want a taste.
One more.
Pulling out my cell, I pull up the live feed on my app. Blake is still in the
same spot I left her. Just like I thought she’d be, but it still doesn’t hurt to
look. I have ten cameras set up in my room, so I can see her from any angle.
Plus, two in my bathroom. The house is littered with them. Every Lord has
the same app and chance to watch his chosen one. She’s not struggling. I
wouldn’t be surprised if she passed out. It’s been a long day, and I’m about
to make it a very long night for her.
“I vow.”
Closing out the app, I drop the phone to my lap and look up at the loft.
Matt stands in the water with Ashley. “You vow,” he growls.
I smile. Sorry fucking bastard.
“We vow,” they say, and he grips the back of her neck, shoving her into
the water facedown. She struggles, the water splashing around. He’s got her
hands zip-tied behind her back, and her ankles are also tied together. There
is no rule on how you restrain your chosen one. As long as it’s done. Being
held underwater will have anyone fighting, so the restraints help keep them
from clawing our faces off. Plus, it’s just another way for us to dominate
them. She’s naked, and he’s already put a collar on her.
I sit up straighter when he continues to hold her underwater. He’s baring
his teeth like he’s mad at her. As if it’s her fault he fucked up and lost his
toy.
She slows down, her body going slack altogether. What the fuck …? I
jump to my feet. “Matt!” I shout in warning.
Everyone in the cathedral turns to look at me. I can’t see their faces
because of their masks, but I’m sure their eyes are wide. A Lord never tells
another member how to treat his chosen one. Matt gives me a go to hell
look and then yanks her up from the water by her hair. Her head hangs
back, and she’s completely still for a second before she spits water from her
mouth. Sucking in a breath, she proceeds to cough.
Being a Lord isn’t about harming our chosen ones. They are a reward. If
you break it or kill it, you don’t get to replace it with another one. He knows
this.
Not going to say it’s never happened because it has. More than once
since I’ve joined. These women go down as missing persons and are never
looked for. When the public isn’t even aware your organization exists, no
one suspects you committed the crime.
I turn and walk out of the cathedral, going back to play with Blakely. My
cell rings when I fall into my car. “Hello?” I answer, letting the Bluetooth
pick it up while I take off down the gravel road.
“Who did you end up with?” my father asks in greeting. He is a Lord.
Most members got here because of their bloodline. My son or sons will one
day be a Lord and so on. It is something that was not a choice but required
of me. But I was more than ready and willing to accept.
“Blakely,” I answer, pulling out onto the road.
“Good job, son,” he says with a heavy breath.
“Did you ever doubt me?” I ask jokingly.
He chuckles. “No. Just make sure you do what needs to be done.”
“Always.”
“I’ll see you this weekend.” He hangs up, satisfied with our chat, and
“Everybody Gets High” by MISSIO immediately fills my car.
Matt will not get anywhere near her. Not until I physically hand her over
after graduation. And there won’t be anything left of her for him to take.

UNLOCKING MY BEDROOM door, I walk inside and find her still naked, bent
over my footboard tied, gagged, and eyes closed.
Deciding to let her have a few more minutes of sleep, I walk into the
bathroom and undress out of my still wet clothes. I need a shower. Stepping
inside, I close the door behind me and stare down at my hard cock. I
squeeze some soap onto my hand and reach down. Wrapping my hand
around the base, I stroke it, my hand tightening so painfully on it that it
takes my breath away.
“What ...?” I stop and let go, placing both hands on the wall and stepping
under the sprayer. I’ve had to do it myself for so long that it’s like a habit
now. The amount of porn I’ve watched over the past few years is enough to
make a hooker blush. That’s not to mention what I’ve seen happen here at
the house of Lords. We knew going into our freshman year what our
requirements were going to be. I lost my virginity when I was fifteen to our
neighbor’s daughter. She was the same age as me. It wasn’t like we dated.
We both wanted to fuck, and there was an easy decision. After that, I fucked
my way through high school. The summer before I came to Barrington, I
fucked as many as I could, knowing it’d be the last chance I got for a while.
It didn’t do any good. The moment I arrived and knew I’d have to do it
myself was when I started craving it.
Tell someone they can’t have something and watch them do anything in
their power to get it done. Especially if they’ve already experienced it
before and know how good it feels. We keep each other accountable. Men
have been kicked out, stripped of their titles, and shunned for it. The Lords
do not joke around. It is a zero-tolerance organization. There are no three
strikes and you’re out. They can decide at any moment to tell you to pack
your shit and get the fuck out throughout your duration of college. If you
accept and become a Lord and then fuck up. Well, let’s just say, they chase
you down and kill you.
Finishing up in the shower, I dry off and walk out into the bedroom,
deciding it’s time to wake her up. I open my nightstand and get the lube out
first. Then walk to the end of the bed. Dropping my towel at my feet, I kick
it away and run my fingers over her pussy. She’s not that wet, but I didn’t
expect her to be. I squeeze some lube on my fingers and softly rub it over
her pussy and up over her ass. She freaked out when I touched her there
before I left to finish watching the vow ceremony, but she will learn that I
own that as well, and I will have it. Even if that means she leaves me no
choice but to take it.
I plunge a finger into her pussy, watching to see if she reacts. When she
doesn’t, I add a second one, and her head moves a little. “Wake up, Blake.”
Removing my fingers, I grab my dick and slide into her, not waiting. She
jerks, pulling on her restraints, coming around. Slapping her ass, I hear her
mumbled moan. Looking down, I watch my cock move in and out of her. I
can get deeper now than before, and I can go harder. Grabbing the
footboard on either side of her hips, I do just that. Not wasting any time. I
know she’s sore, but going slow won’t do her any good. Plus, that’s just not
me. I’m not going to give her any false hope that this is anything else than
what this is.
I own her.
Her pussy clenches down on me, and I push into her, the headboard
slapping the wall with each thrust. Leaning over her body, I grip her hair
and yank her head off her arms. I wrap my free arm around her neck and
hold her head in place. Her arms crossed in front of her pulled tight, hands
fisted. “Feel that?” I ask her, making her whimper. “How fucking wet you
are?” I pull out and shove my hips forward. “I love that,” I say, and she
clamps down on me. Growling in her ear, I slam my hips into her, and her
breathing picks up, her body tensing. A mumbled cry fills my room as she
comes.
I slow my rhythm and let go of her hair and neck. Her face drops to her
arms when I pull out completely, and she sags against the bed. I push my
thumb into her wet cunt a few times before replacing it with my cock once
again.
When I slide my thumb up to her ass, she starts fighting me, but she’s got
no chance. I push my thumb over her lube-covered ass, just applying some
pressure. “Relax,” I say, slapping the side of her leg with my free hand.
“It’ll hurt less.” Whimpering, she stops struggling. I pull my cock out of her
pussy and slowly enter her while my thumb starts circling her ass, gently
applying more pressure “Good girl,” I say, repeating both. “Just breathe.”
She’s panting, her body trembling. I watch her back muscles tense while
fighting the restraints. When I push my thumb into her ass, a muffled cry
comes from her taped lips. “Such a tight ass,” I say through gritted teeth.
It’s going to feel amazing when I take it. “I’m going to take it, Blake,” I
inform her. “My cum will fill this tight ass just like it will your pussy.”
I leave my thumb inside her while my hips pick up their pace again—my
cock fucking her cunt. I’m close.
My breathing picks up, filling the room while the headboard pounds into
the wall. I try to hold it in, but it’s just been too long. I remind myself that I
have tomorrow and the next day and the next day. She belongs to me until
graduation. I can do this as much as I want.
Feeling my balls tighten, I shove all the way into her one last time. My
muscles tensing and my cock pulsing inside her fucking sweet cunt as I
come.
I pull my thumb out first, and her body sags against the bed while I
remove my cock. Leaving her like that for a minute, I bend down and grab
the towel that I kicked away and run it over her, cleaning her up. Once
done, I drop it and lean over her back. I rip the tape off her mouth and pull
her underwear out. Then I get to work on releasing her arms and legs before
entering my bathroom, grabbing some pills for her. Walking out, I see her
sitting on the side of the bed, head down and hands in her lap. She’s rubbing
her wrists. “Here. Take these.” I hold out my fist.
She looks up at me, and her tired eyes go wide with excitement.
Interesting. “It’s Advil to help with the soreness.”
“Oh,” she says, shoulders slumping in disappointment when I open my
hand to show them to her.
“You thought I was going to drug you again,” I comment.
Her cheeks redden, but she takes them from me. Her eyes fall to the
floor, unable to meet mine.
Walking over to her, I gently cup her chin and lift it to where she has to
look up at me. “Tell me.” She’s got something on her mind. And Blake
needs to understand there is nothing she can’t talk to me about. I’m not the
kind of guy who runs to his friends and tells them what we did. If there’s
one thing about me, it’s that I can keep a secret. In fact, I will be buried
with many. What I do with her will be added to the others.
“Did we have sex that night?” she whispers. “That night you gave me the
stuff to drink.”
I tilt my head to the side at her question. Did she not think tonight was
her first time?
She sighs at my silence. “I, uh … it’s just that I was really sore the next
day …”
“No,” I answer. Of course, she was sore. I was rough with her. I hate to
tell her, but she’ll always be sore from now on.
“Oh.” Once again, she looks disappointed by that answer.
“You told me you were a virgin in here the night of the party.” I’m not
going to tell her that’s not why I didn’t fuck her. Because honestly, it
wouldn’t have stopped me. It’s the path I chose. The Lords can kick you
out, strip you of your title and power. And as much as I wanted to, making
her mine for the duration of my senior year is fucking better than just one
time.
Her eyes widen, and her cheeks go red at the thought of her telling me
that information. “Matt never would sleep with me,” she whispers.
I hate her even mentioning his name, but I understand that he was a big
part of her life. I’m going to erase any thought of him from her memory.
She won’t even know who he is when I return her to him. “You don’t have
to be embarrassed,” I tell her. “I like that I was the first to fuck you.” I let
go of her chin and run my thumb over her lips.
Her breathing picks up as she asks, “What did you do … that night at my
apartment?”
“I can show you.” I’d love to watch her watch me play with her while she
was drugged. See if it turns her on. I have a feeling she’d get off on that.
“Really?” Her eyes widen and her nipples harden at that thought.
“Yeah, but not tonight.” I pull the covers back, and she crawls under
them naked. I slide in next to her, and she snuggles into my side. I go to
shove her away but don’t. Instead, I pull her closer, knowing that this house
is full of almost a hundred men, and any one of them would gladly take her
from me.

BLAKELY.
THE FOLLOWING MORNING, we’re walking down the hallway of my
apartment complex and come up to my door. Two boxes are sitting outside
of it. Ryat bends down to pick them up, and then takes the keys from my
hand and unlocks the door, shoving it open for me.
“What’s in those boxes?” I ask, entering.
“Curtains,” he answers, locking it after he closes it.
“Curtains?” I wonder. “Why are you having things shipped to my
apartment?”
“Because they are for your windows.”
I follow him into the kitchen, and he opens the top drawer, pulling out the
scissors and cuts the top, popping it open. “How did you know where those
scissors were?” I ask, but he ignores me, repeating the process with the
second box. “Why do I need those?” I go on.
“You’ve got an hour,” he dismisses me.
Standing here, I look down at them, wondering what the hell he’s doing
when he spins me around and slaps my ass playfully, ordering, “Go get
ready.”
“It won’t take me that long,” I say, trying to figure out what the hell he’s
doing.
“You should pack a bag.”
I didn’t have anything at his place, so we had to stop by here this
morning before my ten o’clock class. I start to walk toward my room but
stop and turn to look at him. “Can we stay here?”
He stops fucking with the damn curtains and looks up at me. Brows
scrunching. “Here?” he repeats.
I nod. “Yeah, the house is crowded.” And Matt is there. “Can we stay
here? At least sometimes? Or is that against a rule?” I have no clue what
they are and aren’t allowed to do. Matt would never tell me shit! I thought it
was because he was trying to protect me, but now I think it’s because he
was hiding stuff from me.
“No. It’s not against any rules,” he answers, and I smile at his honesty
but notice he doesn’t answer my first question. “Go get ready.” He returns
his attention to my new curtains, making me roll my eyes.
I throw on some makeup—foundation, mascara, and blush. Then I brush
my hair before running a straightener over the ends to try to calm it down
quickly since I fell asleep with it wet last night, and then slip on a black
tank top and a skirt. It resembles a tennis skirt with a wide waistband and
pleats. The fabric is light and soft. I lean over the countertop and apply red
lipstick and call it good.
I walk into my bedroom to find him standing in front of my window,
admiring the black curtains that now hang from my window. He must have
hung them while I was in the bathroom. “I’m ready.”
He looks over his shoulder at me and then turns his entire body around,
placing his hands on his hips. His eyes start at my chest and slowly run
down to my heels, hardening to a darker green. “Change,” he orders.
I laugh at that and walk into the kitchen. “I’m going to grab a drink really
quick, then we can go.” Bending over into the fridge, I pick up a bottle of
water. Straightening, I turn and shut it. “Okay …” I call out, but he’s
standing right there, making me jump. “Jesus, Ryat …”
He grips my hair and yanks me forward. I cry out, dropping my water.
Shoving me down, he bends me at the waist and drags me back to the
bedroom, tossing me onto the bed facedown.
I go to get up, but he grabs my hands and yanks them behind my back.
“Ryat …” I gasp his name when he sits on my thighs, pinning me down,
knowing exactly where this is going. He brings my arms parallel against my
back, holding them with one hand, his fingers digging into my skin. Then I
hear him removing his belt with his free hand. It wraps around my forearms
a few times, then he fastens it, securing them in place.
My face is pushed into the comforter, smearing what little makeup I just
applied. He gets up off my thighs and slaps them. “Put my ass in the air,” he
commands.
I close my eyes, my heart hammering still from him dragging me in here.
Wiggling the best I can, I get up onto my knees and spread them as wide as
I can, knowing what he wants. My entire body hurts from last night. My
calves burn from the position I was in when he left me there. My shoulders
hurt from being pulled across my body. My back is sore from how it was
stretched over his footboard. I have bruises on my hips. And my feet from
my heels. But my pussy? It’s pulsing, begging to be touched. Fucked. It
hurts in the best way and I hope it stays like this. A reminder of what he
does to me.
I flinch when his hands touch my thighs. He runs them up to my ass,
under my skirt, before he flips the soft material up and onto my back.
Hooking his fingers into my underwear, he takes his time, slowly running
them up and down the inside of the material, his knuckles barely grazing
my pussy.
I suck in a shaky breath when he pulls them to the side, exposing myself
to him.
“She’s so wet,” he praises, and I dig my face into the comforter so he
can’t hear my pathetic whimper. I always knew I’d get turned on by being
dominated. “See how easy this was?” he goes on. “For someone to see what
I have and take it?” Then I hear his zipper.
He doesn’t give me any chance to prepare for his cock. No fingers. No
tongue. He thrusts his hard dick into me, stretching me with his large size
and making me scream. It hurts. Just like it did last night. I’m sore and
sensitive, but I want to get off. I want to hear him moan my name. I love
that he can’t help himself. That he has this primal need to make me his.
Over and over.
He shoves my legs farther apart with his, and the new angle has my ass
dropping a little. He leans over my back, grips my hair, and yanks my face
back, fucking me roughly until we’re both coming and tears are running
down my face.
Ryat.
ONCE DONE, I pull out, and she sags to the bed. I rip the skirt off her and undo
my belt. She stretches out and sniffs. Helping her to a sitting position, I then
go over to her dresser and open the third drawer, pulling out a pair of jeans.
“Wear these.” I toss them onto the bed. “Keep your underwear on.” I want
her dressed in her cum-covered underwear all day. I’ll make sure to stuff
them into her mouth later. Give her a reminder of what I did to her when
she disobeyed. I go to walk out of her room, but she stops me.
“How did you know where those were?”
I turn back around and stare at her. I fucked up her makeup, and her
hair’s now a tangled mess from my hands. Pretty much messed up
everything she just did to herself in a matter of our twenty-minute fuck.
Leaning up against the doorframe, I cross my arms over my chest.
Her eyes drop to her skirt in my hand. “Ryat?” She barks my name. “You
knew where the scissors were. And now my jeans.” Her voice rises.
I smile. She’s cute when angry. I’ll remember that.
“Did you … did you go through my room when I wasn’t here?”
I lay her unconscious body on her bed. Standing next to it, I watch her
sleep. She passed out the moment she came on my face in my bed back at
the house of Lord’s party. I got her dressed, placed her in her car, and drove
her back to her apartment while Gunner followed me in his car with a
drunk, passed-out Sarah as well.
Blakely won’t remember much come tomorrow. Too much alcohol will do
that to you.
“Ready?” Gunner steps into her room to see if I’m ready for what we
came here to do.
“Give me a minute,” I answer. Going into her bathroom, I open her
drawers, searching for something that will be very important once I choose
her as mine.
Crouching down, I open the bottom cabinets under her sink and see hair
products along with curling irons. Standing, I open the drawer next to her
sink. “A-ha.” I pull out the light pink container. Popping it open, I see the
birth control and make sure she’s on the correct day. Just because she has it
doesn’t mean she uses it. And she is. Just what I wanted to know. Now that I
know she’s a virgin, I want to make sure I don’t have to use a condom. The
last thing I need is to get her pregnant.
Putting it back where I found it, I exit her room and walk into the living
room. I pull her cell, keys, and ID out of my back pocket and dump the stuff
onto the countertop in the kitchen.
“I’m ready.” I hold out my hand to Gunner while he removes Sarah’s
things from his.
“No,” I tell her truthfully. “I went through it when I brought you home
from the party at the Lords.” I did more than just go through her stuff.
Her eyes drop to the floor, and her brows scrunch. “Last night … last
night you said you’d show me what you did to me when I drank that stuff.”
Her eyes snap back up to mine. “Did you place cameras in here that night
too?”
“Yes.” She’ll never find them. Gunner and I were prepared to do our
homework that night. We were here for well over two hours.
“How many?” she demands, getting to her feet, but she wobbles on shaky
legs from my cock in her pussy. So she kicks her heels off for better
stability.
“Enough.”
“Ryat.” She storms toward me. “You had no right!”
I reach out, grab her neck, and slam her into the wall next to the door. I
put my face in hers, and our noses practically touch. She lets out a shaky
breath. “As much as I’m loving this little attitude of yours.” Her pretty blue
eyes narrow to slits on mine. “We have somewhere to be. Get dressed, fix
yourself, and let’s go.”
With that, I let go of her and walk into the kitchen, leaving her to get
ready. I open the drawer next to the sink, grab a lighter, and hold it to the
skirt, lighting it up and then dropping it into the sink. It was too short with
easy access. She thought I was fucking joking when I told her to change. I
wasn’t. She’s going to learn really quick that I don’t joke about shit, and I
have no problem proving that to her.
Just like the curtains. I got them because I once sat in my car and jacked
off to her walking around naked in her room and taking a shower. I’m not
going to allow another man to do the same. So, I had to add some protection
for her.
She’s fanning the smoke when she enters the open living room/kitchen
area. Now dressed in the jeans I picked out. Her makeup is fixed, but she
has thrown her hair up into a messy bun instead of taking the time to do
anything with it. “What are you burning?” she asks.
When I don’t answer, she looks around, and her eyes go to the sink. “Is
that my skirt?” she growls.
“Was your skirt,” I correct her, and she fists her hands down by her side.
“I have to leave town this weekend,” I tell her, changing the subject. This
probably won’t be the last piece of clothing of hers that I get rid of.
She tilts her head to the side, letting out an exasperated breath. “Why?”
Her tone tells me she doesn’t really care. Just that she felt obligated to ask.
“Do not go to the house of Lords.” So, I ignore her question.
Her lips turn down just the slightest at her confusion. “What? Why would
I—?”
“Do not go there,” I interrupt her.
“Sure, yeah.” She nods her head as if I believe that shit lie she just told.
“That’s not good enough, Blake,” I snap.
She huffs. “Well, Sarah is there. Why can’t I go there and see her? You’ll
be out of town. What else do I have to do?”
That’s what I was afraid of. The house of Lords parties every fucking
weekend after the vow ceremony. No cloaks, no masks. Just fucking orgies.
Anyone and everyone will show up. I don’t trust Matt around her. And I
don’t trust her not to get wasted with Sarah. Hell, the last time she did that,
she let a guy tie her up and go down on her—me. So, I’m very well aware
of what she’s willing to do. She’s been starving for physical attention longer
than I have. I knew I couldn’t have it; she was just rejected. I don’t blame
her for wanting it now, but I’m afraid she’ll get too friendly with someone.
Or someone may just see a passed-out drunk woman as an opportunity. I
could have Prickett and Gunner watch out for her, but she is not their
responsibility. She’s mine.
I walk over to her, and she stiffens, expecting me to throw her to the floor
or tie her up and fuck her. Instead, I say, “There will be plenty of parties for
us to attend there. Just promise me that you won’t go to the house of Lords
without me. Ever.” Unless she walks into the front doors with me hand in
hand she does not need to be there. Period.
Her blue eyes search mine before she licks her lips and nods, softening
her voice. “I promise.” Sounding much more believable.
Cupping her cheek, I lean in and kiss her forehead while whispering,
“Good girl,” making her whimper.
I was taught to punish and humiliate when needed. But I was also shown
the importance of praise. Blakely will learn to crave that from me as much
as the other.
BLAKELY.
I SIT SILENTLY in the passenger seat while he drives us to Barrington.
My apartment isn’t on campus, but it’s definitely close enough that I could
walk if need be.
“Are you going to show me what we did that night in my apartment?” I
ask, breaking the awkward silence.
He remains quiet, driving through one of the many parking lots, looking
for a space. I cross my arms over my chest and let out a huff. Finding a
spot, he backs in. I’m reaching for the door when he holds out his phone to
me. I let go of the door handle and look at him. He nods for me to take it.
Pulling it from his hand, I see it’s paused on a video. I push play.
It’s of me in my bedroom. I’m lying on my back, hands up by my head,
and I’m passed out. Ryat walks into the room and over to the side of the
bed. Ripping my shirt up, he places his hand on my stomach and slides it
down and into my underwear. My nipples harden while I watch him push
them down my legs before pushing my legs open. He then climbs on to the
bed and sits between them. He starts fingering me, and my breathing
accelerates while my body reacts to the video.
I watch as his fingers make me squirm in the bed, my body coming alive
for him on its own. He gets rough, my body rocking back and forth, forcing
me to come. He removes them and rubs them along my lips before sucking
his own fingers clean.
I’m fucking panting as I watch this. It’s the only sound you can hear
inside the car while I clench my thighs shut. Thankfully, there’s no audio on
the video.
He then rips the shirt off me and walks out of the frame. The video stops.
Without a word, I throw his phone into his lap, open the door and get out. I
practically run across the parking lot to the building, needing to get away
from him.
That should not have turned me on as much as it did. But the fact that I
wasn’t aware he was there makes my body break out in a sweat. The way he
knew what it needed, what it liked.
I make my way to my first class for the day and sit down next to Sarah.
She’s got a big smile on her face. “How was your night?”
I blush and look down at my desk. Of course, she knows that I never
slept with Matt but had tried. “Good. Yours?”
She places her elbow on her desk and her chin in her hand. “Amazing.”
The girl in front of me turns around, glaring. “Please tell me you two
didn’t …”
“Mind your own business,” Sarah tells her.
“Maybe don’t talk so loud,” she snaps, then turns back around, throwing
her hair over her shoulder just like last time.
We’re walking out of class when I see Ryat across the hall. Just like
before, he’s standing with Gunner and that blonde. “Lunch?” I ask Sarah
before she walks away.
“Sure,” she throws over her shoulder.
I try to get closer to them without looking like I’m eavesdropping. I rush
to the side hall and peek around the corner.
She stands in front of them, both of her hands on her hips. Her short
bleach-blond hair is up in a high pony, and she’s dressed in a pair of short
shorts and a T-shirt with a set of black heels. Her back is to me so I can’t
see her face. Gunner is smirking, and Ryat looks bored as he stares down at
her.
“Cindy Williams.” I hear a familiar voice.
I jump and look over to see Matt is watching me eavesdrop. Fuck!
Busted. By him of all people? “Who?” I ask, crossing my arms over my
chest, not expecting an answer.
He smiles a cold and collected smile. Like this was his plan to get me to
talk to him. “Her eldest brother … he’s five years older than me. He’ll be
president of the United States one day.”
“Yeah, right.” I laugh at that and this weird conversation we’re having.
It’s the first time he’s spoken to me since we got into our fight here in the
hall.
“And Ryat …” I stiffen when he says his name. “Ryat Archer will be the
most ruthless and renowned judge in New York. Well, possibly in the US.”
I frown, looking at him. “Why are you telling me this?” Why is he even
talking to me at all? Wasn’t he at the vow ceremony with that girl he was at
the house of Lords with? Doesn’t he know I belong to Ryat?
He snorts. “Cindy Williams will be Mrs. Cindy Archer.”
My pulse accelerates at his words. Now I understand why he’s talking to
me. He thinks he can hurt me. He thinks I’m such a needy, lonely bitch that
I’ve already gone and fallen for Ryat after one fucking night! Seriously? So,
because a guy finally fucked me, I’m supposed to love him?
He steps into me, and it presses my back into the wall. “Matt …” I warn.
Leaning into my ear, he whispers, “She will be his wife. She will have
his kids. And she will be the one tied to his bed that he fucks.”
A coldness runs up my spine. Not at his words but how he says them. The
dark tone in his voice sends warning shivers down my spine.
He pulls back and smiles down at me. “Just like you will be all three of
those things for me.” Reaching out, he plays with a piece of hair that’s
fallen out of my messy bun. “Have fun while you can, Blakely. He may be
fucking you for now, but I will be the one who will have you for the rest of
your miserable fucking life. And I will never let you see the light of day.”
Leaning forward, he licks up the side of my face, making me taste vomit.
“And you will pay for what you’ve done to me. Remember that he’s playing
with you now, but I will own you. Till death do us part. And that won’t
come fast enough for you.” His eyes drop to the hickeys that Ryat left on
my neck, then the bruises on my arms and wrists. “You may be his slut, but
you will be my worthless whore.” Then he walks off.
Ryat.
“WHY DIDN’T YOU choose me?” Cindy asks, her hands on her hips. “I know
my name was on that list,” she snaps at me.
I say nothing. Not every girl gets chosen. We have fifteen seniors this
year and hundreds of women’s names on the list. That’s why some Lords
choose to have more than one. The list of women willing to be a chosen is a
mile long.
Gunner laughs at her words. “Why the fuck would he pick you as his
chosen? He’s stuck fucking you every day after his graduation until he dies.
Why would he add a year to that prison sentence?”
Baring her teeth, she lets out a growl and spins around, stomping off
down the hall.
“Man, you are going to hate being her husband. She’s going to be a
miserable bitch.” He slaps my shoulder, watching her sway her ass down
the hall. “I’d keep her gagged twenty-four seven, strapped to a board down
in the basement.”
“That’s the only plan I got.” My parents arranged my marriage to Cindy
Williams years ago. I was a senior in high school, and she was a junior. We
lived in New York; her family lived in California. We took a family
vacation to the Alps with them. Both of our fathers are Lords. And her two
older brothers as well. Her father wanted her with a fellow Lord, and when
my father told him I was going to have my freshman initiation the following
school year, wedding bells started ringing.
We spent two weeks in the Alps. The first night there, she found her way
to my room and woke me up with my dick in her mouth. I spent more time
in bed fucking her than I did out skiing. She’s okay when her mouth is full,
but when it’s not, all she does is run it. Nonstop.
“So, what are you going to do?” Gunner asks, getting my attention.
I look over at him. “About what?”
“The ice queen. She’s probably already on the phone with daddy, ratting
you out that you chose Blakely instead of her.”
I wave him off. “Let her. Nothing they can do about it.” My father knew I
was told to choose Blakely. He understands I had no choice, and he also
knows that what he and my mother have arranged with the Williamses isn’t
going anywhere. Right now, my focus is to fuck up Matt and his pathetic
life. “I got the right girl.”
Gunner slaps my chest. “Speaking of your girl.” He points down at the
end of the hall.
I see Blakely walking in the opposite direction with her head down,
gripping a stack of books in her hands to her chest. “See you back at the
house of Lords,” I tell him and take off down the hall. “Blake?” I holler at
her, but she keeps going. “Blakely!” I call out her full name when she
chooses to ignore me.
Catching up with her, I grab her shoulder and spin her around. She looks
up at me, and she’s got tears in her eyes. I frown. I just dropped her off an
hour ago, and she totally avoided me. I knew her watching me get her off
would get her worked up. “What’s wrong?”
She looks back over where I was just standing and then back at me.
Without answering, she begins to walk off again.
“Blake?” I snap, grabbing her arm. She tries to pull away from me, so I
tighten my grip and drag her into a nearby room that just happens to be
empty.
“Don’t touch me!” she screams, dropping all of her books to the floor as I
shut the door behind us.
“What in the fuck is going on with you?” I demand, getting in her face.
Her eyes narrow up at me right before she slaps me. “Fuck you!” she
shouts. She goes to do it again, and I grab her wrists, spinning her around,
and wrap my free hand around the front of her. I pin both of her arms to her
chest, her back pressed to my front. “Fuck all of you.” She sniffs, then her
body softens against mine, and she starts crying.
“Hey.” I let go of her and spin her around to face me, knowing something
is seriously wrong. She drops her head, and I grip her chin, forcing her to
look up at me. “You better tell me right fucking now what’s going on with
you.”
Her bloodshot eyes search mine, and then she shakes her head, her
nostrils flaring. “I took an oath to let you fuck me, Ryat. I don’t have to give
you anything else.”
My teeth grind. “It doesn’t work that way …”
“Says who?” She snorts, yanking away from me. “You?” Her eyes drop
to my shoes and run up over my jeans and T-shirt. When they reach mine,
they’re full of disdain. Then she quickly picks up her books before walking
past me toward the door.
I step in front of her and slap my hand against it, blocking her exit.
“Blake …”
She looks at me, her blue eyes now blazing with fire. Something has
happened that has pissed her the fuck off, and I don’t like that she won’t tell
me what it is. “Unless you plan on ripping my clothes off and bending me
over a desk, we’re done here,” she states, arching a brow.
This bitch is challenging me.
My cock is already hard at her little attitude, but I’m also speechless.
Who knew Blakely was such a firecracker? I didn’t. Matt always made her
sound like a little flower that he had to protect from the softest breeze.
I let go of the door, raising my hands in surrender and stepping away. I’ll
let her leave right now because I have a better idea of how to remind her
where she stands with me. I’m not Matt. I won’t put up with this shit.
She yanks the door open and storms out, her heels clanking on the floor
as the door falls shut, closing me in the classroom.
BLAKELY.
I SIT AT the kitchen bar in our apartment drinking a rum and Coke. It’s my
third. I skipped the rest of my classes today. Didn’t give a shit to be there.
Matt got to me. He was right. It doesn’t matter who I fuck today,
tomorrow, or next week. The end will be the same. I’ll be his. And now I’ve
pissed him off. He pretty much told me he’d keep me caged in the dark as
his sex slave.
What the fuck did I do to him? He was cheating on me! He never even
told me about the ritual. How was I going to vow to be his if I didn’t know
about it? Ryat chose me, but Matt showed no interest in me whatsoever.
Just our future as husband and wife. Let’s not forget the girl he’s been with
for God knows how long.
I take another drink, the straw making a slurping sound as I realize I’ve
reached the bottom. Then there’s Ryat and his high horse. I’m not telling
him shit about Matt and me. He’s already possessive and controlling. If he
knew what Matt said to me, he’d probably take it out on my ass, and I’m
not going to allow that. I didn’t do anything wrong.
Getting to my feet, I walk into the kitchen to pour myself another drink
but realize the bottle is empty. “Great.” I throw it into the sink, and it
shatters, some of the pieces falling onto the floor. I step back, not wanting
to get cut, and go over to the bar, picking up my cell to call Sarah.
“Hey, girl.” She answers on the second ring.
“Wanna go out?” I ask her in greeting. Either she wants to or not. I don’t
have time to beat around the bush.
“Yeah,” she answers excitedly. “Gunner and I—”
“Just me and you,” I interrupt her. “I need a girls’ night. And please don’t
tell Gunner where we’re going. I’m avoiding Ryat right now.”
“Of course,” she says without hesitation. “You at the apartment?”
“Yep.” I nod to myself.
“I’ll be there in twenty.” She hangs up. I set my cell down on the counter
and make my way to my room and to my closet, leaving the mess of broken
glass in the kitchen. I start digging through my clothes, looking for the most
revealing thing I own. The motherfucker burned my skirt. Fuck him!
Smiling, I pull the dress off the rack. “Perfect.”
I get undressed and step into the skirt, pulling it up to my waist. Then I
raise the two pieces of fabric up and around my neck. Turning, I look at
myself in the mirror and the crisscross halter cut-out dress. It shows off my
stomach, chest, and all of my back. The crisscross material barely covers
my tits. Looking down, I pull on the string on my right thigh, making the
skirt bunch up even more.
Twenty minutes later, we’re walking into Blackout. It’s a four-story club
on the outskirts of town. “Have you been here before?” I ask her while we
check our stuff in at the front. No way am I carrying it all around with me
while I dance and drink. Plus, me drunk with a phone isn’t smart right now.
I don’t want to drunk text Ryat when I’m horny at two o’clock in the
morning. Or do something worse like send him pics of my pussy while in
the bathroom.
“No. Janice was telling me about it the other day.”
I nod. Of course, our neighbor did. Last year, Sarah and I were woken up
at three in the morning because the cops were banging on her door. They
found drugs inside her place, and she spent three weeks in jail. We had to
feed her cat and water the plants for her.
We shoulder our way past the crowd, and I grab the bar for stability. I
should have worn flats. I’ve already had so much to drink; I’m going to be
crawling out of here after closing.
A bartender walks over to us. “What will it be?” he yells out to us.
I go to hand him my bank card to start a tab when a guy beside me slides
a hundred across the bar. “I got their drinks, Benny.”
Looking up, I see a pair of dark eyes staring at me. A smirk covers his
unshaven face, and his eyes drop to my tits.
“No thanks.” I dismiss him, slapping my card on top of the bar.
He snorts. “Come on, let us buy your drinks for the night.”
“Us?” Sarah asks.
“Name’s Nathan,” a guy to her right introduces himself, placing his
forearm on the bar. “And this here is my friend Mitch.” He gestures to the
one next to me.
“Well, thanks for the offer, Nathan and Mitch, but we’re good.” I look at
the bartender. “Rum and Coke. Two, please.”
“Oh, come on.” The one next to me picks up my card, and his free hand
grabs my forearm. “You should be grateful we’re offering to take care of
you for the night.” That smirk returns to his face. “You can pay us back
later.”
His words anger me. He expects us to get on our hands and knees and
kiss his fucking shoes because he’s offering to pay what? Maybe a couple
of hundred dollars on drinks for us tonight? “No, thanks,” I repeat and yank
my arm away from him as I take my card from the other.
“Hey—”
“It wasn’t a fucking hint, asshole.” Sarah snaps, cutting him off. “The
answer is no. Pick two different girls.” She grabs my hand, yanking me
from the bar. “Come on,” she growls. “There are other bars here to get
drinks at inside this club.”
Looking back at them over my shoulder, I see another guy join them, but
his back is toward me, so I can’t get a look at his face. But I see a tattoo on
the back of his neck that looks like a spider crawling out from underneath
the collar of his shirt. My eyes go to the one who introduced himself as
Mitch, and he’s already glaring at me. Giving him my back, I throw my hair
over my shoulder.
Fuck him!
Ryat.
I HATE CLUBS. I’m not much of a partier. Even throughout high school, I
didn’t go to many. I hate people in general. Then you mix alcohol and drugs
with it, and I just can’t deal with them.
The house of Lords throws parties all the time, and although I tolerate
them, I don’t drink at them. Too many opportunities for shit to go wrong. I
prefer to be levelheaded and in control. That way, if something goes down, I
can handle it.
So, the fact that Gunner and I are at Blackout isn’t helping my already
sour mood. I’ve left Blakely alone since she threw her little fit earlier today
at Barrington, but then Gunner called me and said we had a situation. I’m
not happy about it.
The fact that I’m standing on one of the second-story balconies looking
down onto the first floor and watching another man touch what’s mine
makes me see fucking red.
Pushing away from the railing, I rush down the hallway and see two men
standing at the railing. Both have holsters on their belts with guns loaded.
“Ryat.” One nods at me.
Walking over to the edge, I point out Blakely and Sarah on the first floor.
They’re throwing back shots at the bar in the back. “See those two girls.
One dressed in a white dress, the other in a black one?”
“Yeah. What about them?”
“No one touches them. Got it?”
He nods. “Yes, sir.”
Satisfied that they will do what needs to be done if something happens, I
finish walking down the hallway to the end and come to a door. I punch in
the key to enter and push it open.
Ty is in the middle of fucking a server.
Her brown eyes widen when she sees Gunner and me enter the room.
Shrieking, she presses her palms on the desk he has her bent over and tries
to push herself up. Grabbing the back of her neck, he slams her face down
onto the desk and continues to fuck her from behind. “Just let them watch,”
he tells her.
“Ty …”
Leaning over her back, he reaches in front of her and pries her mouth
open, sticking his fingers inside—two on each side—opening her mouth up
so she can no longer argue with him. “Shut the fuck up,” he growls.
Her face is scrunched, and she closes her eyes in embarrassment. That’s
Ty for you. He was always good at humiliation. The man taught me
everything I know.
He pumps into her, their hips hitting the desk, making it rattle.
She moans, unable to help herself, and her fingers curl around the edge
of the desk, holding on to it. She’s fighting the inevitable. Drool starts to
run down her dark-painted lips and onto the desk. Her hair covers parts of
her face, and the room fills with her unintelligible sounds that he’s forcing
from her. Then her eyes roll back into her head just as he thrusts one last
time—both of them cumming.
Pulling out of her, he removes the condom and tosses it into the trash can
by his desk and sits down. “Now get the fuck out,” he orders, and she
gladly obliges, running as fast as she can past us, but stumbling out the
door. “What can I do for you guys?”
“The basement.” I get to the point. “May we use it?”
He smiles up at us. “Of course. You never have to ask.” Sitting up, he
places his forearms on the desk. “Just point them out, and I’ll have them
delivered for you.”
BLAKELY.
WE’VE BEEN AT the club for three hours now. We’ve had drinks, shots,
and danced our asses off.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asks as we come up to the bar for a
refill. I’m not sure if it’s the alcohol or the flashing lights, but it’s getting
hard to see.
“Nope.” My problems are not hers. And I’m still unsure of this ritual shit.
Does she have to tell Gunner if he asks her? Would she willingly tell him
without him having to ask? I love my friend, but I’m going to keep this to
myself. It’s not something she can fix anyway.
“Okay,” she says, not concerned that I’m keeping something from her.
“Just know I’m here if you need me.”
“Here you go, ladies. Courtesy of the two gentlemen at the end of the
bar.” The bartender sets two shots down in front of us.
I look over to my right, my hair flipping across my face expecting to see
dipshit again. Thankfully, the guys haven’t bothered us since Sarah told
them to fuck off. But instead, I’m surprised to see a set of emerald eyes
staring at me. He stands there, holding a glass of scotch. Gunner stands next
to him, drinking a beer. A laugh bubbles up from my chest, making his eyes
narrow on mine. It’s funny. I’m not even mad or surprised that the fucker
found me.
“I swear I didn’t tell him,” Sarah assures me, patting my shoulder.
“It’s fine.” I nod, picking up my drink. I stare at it for a second before I
throw it back. Some misses my mouth, and the coldness runs down my
breasts since they’re on full display tonight.
“Fuck them, B. We came here to have fun. Me and you. Let’s go dance,”
she offers when I set the empty drink down.
“Lead the way,” I half joke. I’m fucked up and feel great. He can’t ruin
my night. Hell, not even Matt can piss me off right now.
She grabs my hand and pulls me onto the dance floor. We make our way
through the people, bumping into them until we’re in the center. I throw my
hands up above my head and start moving my hips to “Taste of You” by
Rezz and Dove Cameron.
The lights flash, making it hard to focus on anything. So, I close my eyes
and drop my hands, running them over my hips, moving my head from side
to side, letting my hair slap my face. I can feel the bass thumping through
my body. The bright lights are warming up my skin.
Someone comes up behind me, and rough denim pushes against the back
of my thighs. Then a set of hands grabs my waist before falling to my hips.
Instead of pushing them away, I hold them and pull them around to my
front, knowing exactly who it is. Ryat doesn’t know how to stay away. I
lean back on him, laying my head on his chest, eyes still closed.
His hand sprawls across my exposed stomach, his other trails up my
body. He wraps it around my neck, and I whimper. My ass grinds on his
hard cock in his jeans.
Bending down, he nibbles on my ear, and I groan. “Fuck, yes.”
My pulse is racing, and my head is spinning. I’ve already had so much to
drink before we even got here. I just want to let go, feel the music, the
vibrations, and the sweat that covers my body. It’s all so much.
His hand squeezes, taking away my air for a quick second, and my
underwear grows wet. My lips part, unable to breathe. Maybe he’ll knock
me out. When he loosens his grip, I feel an overwhelming rush of
disappointment.
Lifting his hand just a bit, he moves from my neck to my chin. His free
hand dips lower and up under my dress. “Yes.” I moan. “Please …”
“You’re in so much trouble,” he growls in my ear, making me shiver.
“Punish me,” I tell him, my hands coming up and reaching behind me to
grip his hair. He hisses in my ear when I pull on it.
I don’t even care at this point. Matt can’t do shit right now. Ryat has
made that very clear—no one will touch me. No one will hear me. He owns
me for now. And I’m going to revel in it.
“Be careful what you ask for, little one.” He kisses down to my neck,
where he bites it.
I gasp, my hips pushing forward, feeling his fingers very close to my
pussy. I’m so wet that my thong is soaked. The song changes to “Sick Like
Me” by In This Moment, and he spins me around, his hands on my hips
stopping me from turning too far.
Moving his hand to cup my face, he pushes the hair out of my eyes and
rubs his thumb over my parted lips while our hips grind. I stick my tongue
out and wrap it around his finger, pulling it into my mouth.
His eyes darken under the flashing fluorescent lights, and I feel a growl
from his chest vibrate mine. I close my eyes and suck on his finger as his
other hand goes to the back of my neck. Gripping my hair, he yanks my
head back, his thumb popping loose from my lips. He lowers his lips to my
neck and kisses my skin.
“Ryat …” I whimper, digging my nails into his shirt. Is this my
punishment? Dancing? Teasing? “I want you.” I moan, my lower stomach
grinding on his hard dick. “Fuck.” My hands go to his belt, but he pulls
back, grabbing my wrists to stop me.
He looks over my shoulder and nods once. I’m guessing to signal to
Gunner. Then he grabs my hand and drags me off the dance floor. My
drunken legs can’t keep up in my six-inch heels. He takes me to the coat
check at the entrance and gets my purse, keys, and phone for me. Guess I
didn’t have to text him a pic from the bathroom after all.
Grabbing my hand once again, he leads me out the back, and we walk
toward his car. I’m stumbling, my vision blurry. I blink, but it doesn’t do
any good. “Did you … did you drug me?” I ask as he brings me to the
passenger door. He and Gunner had bought us drinks. I wouldn’t put it past
them to slip something into them.
He pushes my back into the door, coming to stand between my legs. He
grips my chin and forces me to look up at him. “No,” he answers, his green
eyes searching my face. When they find mine, he gives me a devious smirk
that lights up his gorgeous face even in the dim parking lot. “I want you to
be awake and remember every little thing I do to you tonight.”
I whimper, my thighs tightening.
“Starting now.” He spins me around to face the passenger car door,
pressing my exposed stomach to the cold metal, making me shiver. He
yanks my hands behind my back, and my ears still ring from the loud music
inside, so I don’t hear the handcuffs before they wrap around each wrist.
And just like before, he secures them extra tight.
Leaning over, he opens the door and helps me into my seat. He slams the
door and I cry out as my arms are crushed behind me.
Ryat.
I GET IN the driver’s side and start my car. We knew that Sarah had brought
them here, so I drove Gunner so we could each drive them back. Leaning
across her, I fasten her seat belt.
“It’s a thirty-minute drive,” she whines, trying to adjust her arms behind
her back.
“Should have thought about that.” I wasn’t all that mad until I saw what
she was wearing. A fucking bathing suit would cover more. And I know she
dressed this way because of our fight earlier. I reach over and yank both
sides of the straps open, exposing her tits. I grab her left one and squeeze.
She throws her head back, panting. Leaning over the center console, I suck
her nipple into my mouth, making it hard. She lifts her hips the best she can
with the seat belt on.
Pulling away, I slap it, making her cry out again. If the car was big
enough, I could totally fuck her in it because the windows are blacked out.
But I need more room to work with. She’ll probably be passed out by the
time we get back to the apartment.
I lift her skirt and shove her underwear to the side. “Just how wet are
you, Blake?” I ask, running my fingers over her pussy.
“So wet,” she moans.
I push a finger into her, and she’s not lying. “For who?” I ask.
“You.” She wiggles her shoulders, trying to relieve her hands restrained
behind her back.
“Whose girl are you?” I ask, shoving another one into her.
She gasps, her tits bouncing at the motion while she spreads her legs
farther apart for me. “Yours.”
“Mine,” I remind her as I start finger-fucking her while she sits in the
passenger seat of my car.
She cries out, her legs shifting on the seat, her hips bucking and head
banging on the headrest. I don’t gag her. I like the way she sounds when
she’s screaming my name.
My fingers go in and out of her while my free hand pinches her nipples.
She arches her back as her cunt clamps down on my fingers while she
comes.
I pull them out, and she slumps against the seat. Lips parted while she
tries to catch her breath. I push the strands of hair covering her face away
and shove my fingers into her mouth. “Clean them,” I command.
Her cheeks hollow as she sucks her cum off them, and I pull them out
with a pop. Gripping her face, I force her to look over at me. “Don’t ever do
that again. Do you understand me?”
Her eyes are glassy, her chest heaving and body shaking. I want to drag
her across this car and force my cock down her throat. I want to be rough
with her. Remind her who the fuck I am and that she belongs to me, but I
don’t. She licks her numb lips and nods. “Yeah.”
After I release her, I sit back in the driver’s seat and defog the windows
while putting the car in gear and take off.

SHE’S OUT LIKE I expected her to be by the time I park at her apartment.
Undoing her seat belt, I help her out of the car and carry her inside with her
hands still cuffed behind her back.
Getting her into the door, I head toward her room but pause before
passing the kitchen. Something on the floor catches my attention—it’s
glass. Its broken pieces are scattered on the floor, and I frown. What the
fuck happened? I knew she was home because I had watched her on the
cameras, but then I got called to the house of Lords for a meeting. Once it
was over, Gunner notified me the girls were going out. By the time I
checked on her, she was already on her way to the club.
Moving on to her room, I lay her on the bed facedown. She doesn’t even
make a sound. I remove her heels and then place her on her side to remove
the halter from over her neck. I then slide it down her stomach and legs
before tossing it to the floor as well.
That too will be getting burned. I run my hands up and down her bubble
ass, giving it a small slap.
She buries her face into the pillow, letting out a moan as she stirs.
Moving my hand up to her face, I push the hair off the side. “Good night,
little one,” I tell her and turn toward the bathroom.
“Ryat?” She moans my name.
I turn to look at her over my shoulder. “Yeah?”
“My wrists?” she asks, licking her dry lips with her eyes still closed.
“They stay on,” I tell her.
She whimpers, her face digging into the pillow once again. I walk back
over to her. “Did you think your punishment was an orgasm?”
“They hurt.” She ignores my question.
“Good,” I say and then pause, getting an idea. “They can come off. If …
you tell me what happened today.”
She turns her head to face away from me and mumbles, “Good night.”
My brows rise. What the fuck happened that she doesn’t want me to
know? “What happened in the kitchen?” I try another way.
Nothing.
“Okay.” I reach down and undo my belt. She’s given me no other option.
Snapping the leather between my hands, I then slap it down across her
upper thighs.
She screams, her body tensing.
Doing it again, I order, “Ass up in the air.”
She buries her face into the pillow, whimpering, but she wiggles up onto
her knees, arching her back.
Dropping the belt next to her on the bed, I reach out and rub my hands
over the red marks that it gave. She wiggles her ass, and I grip her
underwear and tear them down the middle. My hand runs down over her ass
to her pussy. “Last chance. Tell me what happened today,” I say, pushing
two fingers into her already wet cunt.
She moans, her hips rocking against my hand. “Nothing …”
I remove my fingers and slap her pussy.
She cries out, her body jerking, and she goes to pull her knees together.
“Don’t you dare,” I warn, and she pauses, slowly pushing them back to
where they were. “You’re lying to me, Blake.” I sigh, tapping her pussy in
warning, and she flinches. My left hand reaches for the chain that connects
the handcuffs, and I grip it in my hand, pulling it toward her ass.
Her head comes up off the bed. “Ryat.” She gasps. “Please …”
I tap her pussy again before pushing the two fingers back into her.
“You’re in control here,” I say. Manipulation is important. “All you have to
do is tell me, and I’ll take them off.”
She stays silent, and it pisses me off.
I force a third finger into her pussy and work them in and out while
circling her clit. She rocks her body back and forth, whimpering at what my
hand is doing. I get more forceful, pulling harder on the cuffs.
She’s panting, her body rocking back and forth, trying to fuck my fingers
as if it’s my cock. Her pussy clamps down on me, and I pull them out. Her
body sags, and she groans.
I slap her pussy once again and then shove my fingers back in. “I can do
this all night, little one,” I say with a smile.
She’s close to orgasm again, so I stop. She screams, burying her head
into the pillow, getting irritated. I slap her pussy, then start again.
Just as she’s about to cum, I let up. “Okay, okay,” she rushes out. “Please
… just let me …” She trails off and I keep going, and this time, I allow her
to come. Pulling my fingers out, I bring them to my lips when she breathes,
“Matt.”
I pause. “Excuse me?” Did she just call me her ex?
She stretches her legs out, flattening her body to the bed, and whispers,
“He threatened me.”
“Matt threatened you?” I growl. “When? What the fuck did he say?”
“It doesn’t matter.” She sighs. “Never does.”
I dig the key to the handcuffs out of my back pocket and undo them.
Before she can even move, I’m pushing her onto her back and sitting down
next to her. Reaching out, I push her hair from her face. “Tell me what he
said.” She’s pretty fucking drunk, and I’m not even sure how much of
tonight she’ll remember when she wakes up. So, I need to use this as an
opportunity to find out everything before she sobers up and becomes a brick
wall again like she was earlier today.
Her eyes are closed, and she’s breathing heavily. She’s about to pass out
again anytime soon.
“Blake?” I bark, and she opens her heavy eyes.
“Today. Earlier.” She licks her lips, reaching up and running her hands
through her hair. “I saw you talking to your wife.”
I frown.
“Well, he caught me watching you talk to your future wife.” She
chuckles. “I think he thought I was jealous. Like he thinks I already love
you.” More laughter follows, like that’ll never happen. “And he told me that
you may have me now, but once you’re done with me, I’m stuck with him
until I die. And he’ll make my life a living hell.” She yawns and mumbles
on. “Something about not seeing daylight. Your slut, his whore …” She
trails off.
“Blake …”
“He pushed me up against the wall and licked my face.” She shudders.
“Thought I was going to puke.”
“He what?” I snap, my body tensing while my blood pressure rises at that
thought. But she ignores my outburst. “Why the fuck didn’t you tell me this
when I asked you earlier?”
She looks up at me. Her pretty blue eyes look unfocused and tired. “I
don’t know what happened between you two, but I know Matt is the reason
you chose me.”
I sigh. She’s not far from the truth. “Blake …”
“I will not be punished for something he has done, Ryat,” she says softly.
“You can fuck me, but I told myself that Matt will not dictate my life
anymore.”
I run a hand through my hair at her confession. She’s not wrong. Matt is
why I had to pick her. But it wouldn’t have happened without her. “Why did
you let me choose you?” I ask.
She gives me a weak smile. “Because you made me feel wanted.”
Matt is a fool and a dead man!
“I hate everyone,” she goes on, eyes closed once again. “My mom for
making me marry him. Matt for blaming me for you hating him. And you
…” She trails off and whispers, “I’ll just run away once you’re done with
me.”
I stand staring down at her, my hands fisting. Why the fuck was he even
talking to her in the first place? He told her I’m marrying Cindy? That may
be true, but we don’t discuss that shit. How would he know that?
When she starts snoring softly, I place the handcuffs in her nightstand,
then I cover her up with her comforter, kissing her forehead good night.
BLAKELY.
IT’S A BEAUTIFUL fall day here in Texas. “Bad Intentions” by Niykee
Heaton is blasting in my ears while I run the old trail behind my parents’
house. I’ve grown up here. Lived in the same house all my life. My father’s
office is in downtown Dallas, but we live quite a ways from there on twenty
acres. He commutes, but for the most part, he’s not even in the state. He has
to travel a lot for work.
The hairs on the back of my neck stand, and I come to a stop. Breathing
heavily, I yank the earbuds from my ears. “Hello?” I ask, looking around.
To my left is a small pond. Other than that, it’s just trees back here. “You’re
being paranoid, Blakely.” Matt gets on me all the time for running this
trail. He says it’s unsafe.
I put the earbuds back in and start jogging again. I’ve been at it for
almost thirty minutes. I’m almost to my turning around point. The song
changes to “Mirrors” by Natalia Kills as the trail turns to the right, and I
see something out of the corner of my eye. “What the …?” I stop and rip
the earbuds out, turning around to go back. “Hello?” I shout this time.
“Anyone there?” There are bobcat sightings around here, so maybe it’s an
animal of some sort.
When I’m again convinced I’m losing it because there’s nothing here, I
put my earbuds back in and turn back to continue. I jump when I see
someone standing in front of me in the middle of the trail. My heart
hammers in my chest. It’s a man dressed in black jeans and a black shortsleeved T-shirt, stance wide and arms down by his side. He’s got to be over
six feet, and he’s wearing combat boots.
My thighs tighten, wondering how long he’s been following me. My
earbuds are still blaring in my ears, and I reach up to take them out in case
he’s talking to me. He’s wearing a mask—a white one—so I’m unable to see
his face, but something about him seems familiar.
He takes a step toward me, and I take one back. He stops, and I swallow
the knot that forms in my throat while my nipples harden.
No. No. No.
Not again.
I can feel his eyes on my legs. I decided to run in shorts this morning. My
pulse is racing, and my breathing picks up, making my tits bounce in my
sports bra.
“I’ve been watching you.” My pussy throbs at his confession, and tears
sting my eyes. Even his voice sounds familiar. Where have I heard it before?
“You run here every day.” He tilts his masked head to the side.
“Please …” I whimper, placing my hands up at him. “I just want to finish
my run,” I say, slowly taking a step back as my body heat rises at the
thought of us being out here all alone.
“Well”—he chuckles behind his mask—“I don’t know if you’ll finish, but
I will.” The man charges for me.
I spin around to run, but he barrels into my back, knocking me to the
ground. I try fighting him, but he’s on my back. He grabs my hands and
wraps something rough around my wrists, securing them behind me, and I
feel wetness pool between my legs.
God, no.
He grabs my hair and yanks me to my feet, pulling me off the trail. Then
he’s shoving me deeper into the woods. I trip and fall down onto the ground.
Twigs and branches dig into my bare legs. I go to get up, but his fist hits my
back, knocking me down again. “Stay down, bitch!” he orders, pushing my
face to the rough ground.
Tears run down my face as he rips my shorts down my legs along with my
underwear. Then he’s shoving my legs apart. I cry out when his hand
touches my pussy.
“Ahh, you’re wet,” he says in surprise.
I sob, my body shaking.
“You like being taken, don’t you, you little slut.” He grips my hair and
leans down. “Don’t worry, looks like you’ll get to finish after all.”
I sit straight up, gasping for air in the darkness. Reaching over, I knock a
few things to the floor to find a light. When I press a button, the room lights
up, and I see I’m at home in my apartment, naked in my bed. Alone.
“Not again.” I breathe. Leaning forward, I drop my face in my hands and
try to calm my breathing. I look at my cell, and it says it’s a little after three
in the morning. How did I get home? The club … drinking with Sarah …
Ryat. He showed up. Must have brought me home and dropped me off.
Lying down on my back, I stare up at the ceiling. My mouth is dry and
tastes like lingering alcohol. Throwing off my covers, I get out of bed on
shaky legs and open my bedroom door. Stepping out, I come to a stop when
I see Ryat sitting on my couch, his cell in his hands and staring straight at
me.
“Ryat?” I squeal, taking a step back. “You, uh… what are you doing
here?” I stumble over my words, still trying to catch my breath.
His eyes drop to my hard nipples, and I cross my arms over my chest.
They lower to my legs, and I cross them as well, leaning up against the
doorframe to my bedroom for support. “What were you doing?” he
counters, arching a brow.
“Nothing.” I shrug carelessly, but his eyes run up and over my body, and
I can tell by the look in them, he knows I’m full of shit. I bite my lip to keep
from whimpering. Not again. This can’t be happening again.
“You were doing something.” He stands, pocketing his phone, and walks
over to me.
I swallow the lump in my throat. “Sleeping.” Not a total lie. I literally
just woke up like this.
Coming to a stop in front of me, he orders, “Open my legs.”
If I know anything about Ryat, it’s that he’ll get what he wants. No
matter what. I push off the wall and uncross my shaking legs for him as
humiliation washes over me.
Ryat.
SHE PRACTICALLY RAN out of her room, breathing heavily, nipples hard, legs
shaking. She looked like she just got herself off. And she was surprised to
see I was still here. She knows she’s not allowed to do that.
Dropping her head, she closes her eyes and takes in a deep breath. She
looks almost ashamed. I place my hand on the inside of her thigh. She
flinches but doesn’t pull away. I run my hand up between her legs and cup
her pussy, sliding my middle finger between her lips. She’s fucking soaked.
“Did you touch yourself?” I ask. I’d actually love to watch her get herself
off.
She shakes her head, eyes still on the floor.
“You’re awfully wet for someone who was just sleeping.”
She remains silent.
“Tell me,” I say, spreading her pussy wide and pushing a finger into her,
seeing just how turned on she is.
“I had a dream,” she whispers.
“And?”
“And nothing. It was just a dream,” she answers vaguely.
“It was something.” I slide a second finger into her, and she whimpers.
“Tell me about it.”
I gently play with her clit, just trying to relax her. The woman is already
worked up. No foreplay is needed at this point. “I was running through the
woods.” She swallows. “Well, jogging on a trail. And someone was
following me.”
“Yeah?” I remove my fingers and slide my hand up over my stomach and
chest, smearing herself on her skin. I undo her arms crossed over her chest
and start playing with her nipple.
“He …” Moaning, she stops herself.
“What about him?” I ask, telling myself not to get jealous. It was just a
dream. “What did he do?”
She’s silent for a long second before whispering, “He knocked me down,
tied my hands behind my back, and dragged me off the trail.” Pausing
again, she takes in a shaky breath. “And …”
“And what?” I lean in and kiss her neck, tasting the salt from her sweat.
Pulling back, I lick my lips for another taste.
“And he fucks me,” she whispers.
“You mean he rapes you,” I correct her.
She whimpers and places her hands over her face.
“Hey.” I grab her arms and pull her hands away. Shaking her head, she
drops her face to stare at the floor. I grip her chin and force her to look at
me. “Don’t be ashamed, Blake.” I’ve never been one to kink shame. We all
like something different. It takes some of us a little more to get off. Some of
us have better imaginations than others when it comes to fantasies.
She sniffs. “This isn’t the first time I’ve had the dream.”
“When was the last time you had it?”
“Over the summer. Matt and I were back home, and he was staying
over.” She swallows. “I woke up wet and horny. I woke him up to tell him
about it. I wanted to mess around. He left and didn’t talk to me for two
weeks.” The first tear runs down her face. “He said that there was
something wrong with me. That I was fucked up.” She covers her face with
her hands and starts to cry.
There is nothing wrong with a girl who has forced-sex fantasies. Matt is
just a punk-ass bitch. The more I see how he was and is with her, I think he
was training her. I thought he had true feelings for her, but I think there
were other reasons as to why he was with her. And I’m going to find out
what they are.
I pull her into me, wrapping my arms around her. “Good girl.” I praise
her for telling me, and her body shakes against mine. Bending down, I put
my arm behind her legs and pick her up, carrying her back to her room.
That text I was in the middle of can wait.
BLAKELY.
“MATT?” I SHOVE his shoulder.
“What?” he mumbles, eyes still closed.
“Get up, babe.” I kiss his chest. “I want to play around.”
“Blakely …” He opens his eyes and checks his cell on my dresser next to
my bed. “It’s after midnight.”
“I know.” I get up and straddle his hips. Lifting his hands, I place them
on my boobs. “I just had this dream.”
“Oh, yeah?” He chuckles, his hands squeezing my breasts on his own.
“Must have been good? What did we do?”
“Well, I was jogging—”
“On that trail I tell you to stay the fuck away from?” He interrupts me.
I roll my eyes. “Yeah, yeah. I was running, and a man was following me.
He said he had been watching me.” I grind my pussy on his dick. I can feel
how hard it is through his boxers. He won’t fuck me, but we do other things.
My body is craving sex. So bad. I don’t know how much longer I can wait.
“Anyway, when I went to run away, he chased me down and tied my hands
behind my back, and dragged me into the trees …”
His hands drop from my chest. “What?”
I wave off his concerned tone. “I wanted it. There was just something
about it. I was …”
“You dreamed you were raped?” he snaps.
I bite my bottom lip nervously. My heart accelerates and shoulders sag.
“Jesus, Blakely. Do you have any idea how that makes me feel?” He
glares up at me.
“You?” I ask, looking at him through my lashes.
“Yeah. Me.” He shoves me off him and gets out of bed. “If some guy
decides he wants to rape you, you’re going to let him. And get off on that
shit.”
I’ve had this dream ever since I was fifteen. And at first, I was disgusted
with myself. Why would anyone dream and get turned on by something like
that when people have experienced something so traumatic in real life?
“Lots of women have forced-sex fantasies,” I argue. After the fifth time I
had this dream, I started doing research, and I found I wasn’t alone.
They call it forced-sex fantasy because rape implies violence. And for
women who fantasize about this—it’s the fact that someone wants them so
much, they can’t help themselves. Can’t take no for an answer. It’s more of
the domination aspect of it.
He snorts, yanking up his jeans. “Please. No one asks to be raped,
Blakely.”
I flinch. “Just because I have a fantasy doesn’t mean I want it to happen
in real life. To me. To anyone for that matter.” The studies I found said that
those who fantasize about it are the most erotically open and adventurous.
I’m neither one of those things because I’m still a virgin. I think I have this
dream because I want him to take me. I want him to dominate me, but he
turns me down every time.
I think I dream about it happening on that trail because he has warned
me about it not being safe. And somehow, I’ve connected the two.
He pulls his shirt down over his head and looks down at me. His lip is
pulled back, and he shakes his head with disgust. “That’s fucking sick,
Blakely. You’re fucked up.” And with that, he leaves my room, slamming the
door behind him.
Ryat lays me on the bed, and I roll away, unable to face him right now. I
hear him removing his jeans and T-shirt before he crawls in behind me.
The bed dips as he gets in. “Blake.” He places his hand on my shoulder
and rolls me back to face him. “There is nothing wrong with you,” he says,
running his fingertips along my cheek to push my hair off my tear-streaked
face.
I swallow and try to calm my breathing. “It’s wrong,” I whisper. After
that, I told myself that I’d never have that dream again, and if I did, I’d
fight, scream, bite, and run faster. But I did none of those things this time. I
let him catch me, and I was going to enjoy it if I hadn’t woken up too soon.
“No, it’s not,” he argues. “It’s just a fantasy. Everyone has those. And
that’s normal.”
“It’s not the violence I crave,” I tell him honestly. “Although I like it
rough, I think it’s more of the idea of a man being so overcome with desire
for me that he can’t be stopped. And the fact I have no say over what he
does. The feeling of having no control makes me feel in control. I let him
catch me even though I run. I let him do it even though I fight him,” I
ramble, trying to get it all out. Matt didn’t want to hear how I felt, and he
never mentioned it again.
Ryat’s eyes search mine, and I look away, again feeling shame.
“I know, it sounds stupid,” I whisper.
“No, it doesn’t.”
“It’s just hard to explain.” I lick my wet lips.
“I think it makes perfect sense.”
Biting my bottom lip, I add, “I think the man was you.”
He adjusts himself on his side and props his head up in his hand. “Why is
that?”
“Because up until now, he’s never had a face.” It’s just always been a
blur. Or I just never remembered it when I woke up.
“And you saw me this time?” he asks, his green eyes searching my face.
He doesn’t look disgusted in the least with what I just told him.
“No. He was wearing a mask. The same one you have,” I answer softly.
I’ve only ever seen Ryat wearing the mask that one night at the house of
Lords party, and at that time, I didn’t even know it was him.
He sighs, his free hand lazily running up and down on my arm, “Well,
after what we did at the house of Lords party, when I had a mask on ... then
you were unconscious when I touched you here in your apartment … I can
see that. It makes sense you’d put me in this guy’s place. I’ve dominated
you. And that’s what you like.”
My cheeks flush, and he cups my face. “It’s okay, Blake. You’re okay.
And I’d be more than willing to give you what you want.”
My heart picks up at his words, my eyes widening. “What do you
mean?”
“Tell me what you want, along with your limits, and I’ll do it. Whatever
you’re comfortable with.”
“You mean my fantasy?” I ask slowly.
He nods.
My thighs clench at the thought. So many possibilities. Scenarios. I’ve
only ever had that same one over and over. “I’ll think about it,” I tell him,
still a little uncomfortable talking about it. I’m not sure I will feel okay
telling him what I want. Or what I think I want. I’m not even sure what it is
exactly.
Ryat.
I KISS HER forehead and pull her body into mine. I’m not going to lie to her,
but her fantasy turns me on. I had a feeling she’d like being dominated, but
this is a fantasy on a whole new level. One that I’m more than happy to
fulfill for her.
Matt is pathetic and knows nothing when it comes to sex. Three years
without it and the bastard didn’t do any research? He never once thought
that maybe his girlfriend was craving something that he should look into?
No woman asks to be raped—it’s a fantasy about submission. She wants
to be dominated in way that she knows she’ll enjoy it. It’s the act of the
coercion.
I’m not sure when the dreams started and I’m no sex psychologist, but
maybe it was the fact that Matt turned her down so many times that she had
to force herself to enjoy what her body craved. I mean, I loved when she
drank the GHB and gave herself over to me, not knowing what I was going
to do to her. Hell, she even thought I actually took her virginity at the time.
To her, that was a way of giving herself over to something that she knew
she wouldn’t be able to control. But it was still her choice.
Matt tried to rape our assignments wife, but he put Blake down for
fantasizing about it? That doesn’t make any sense. Although one is nothing
like the other. He told her she was fucked up? I know Lords who prefer to
watch other men fuck their chosens. I’d never allow that but that doesn’t
mean it’s wrong. Fuck, maybe it means I’m insecure, and that’s completely
fine. That’s my issue, not anyone else’s. Who the fuck cares? As long as all
parties are consenting, then do whatever the fuck you want.
Pulling my chest away from her face, I look down to see her eyes closed
and lips parted, she’s back asleep. Running my hand through her soft hair, I
wonder what she’s dreaming about right now. Me and her? Back on that
trail in the woods?
I want her to see me with the mask off and know that it’s fucking me
giving her exactly what she wants. If she wants to role play, then I’ll play
along. She can give me as much or as little. Doesn’t matter, I have an
imagination, and I’ll make sure she likes whatever I come up with.
I snuggle her back into me, and I close my eyes, thinking a little forcedsex fantasy dream sounds pretty fucking good right now.
BLAKELY.
I STAND IN my bathroom getting ready when Ryat walks in already
dressed in his clothes from last night. “You don’t have class today,” I say to
him. He doesn’t have any on Fridays. Come to think of it, I never really see
him going to any classes or talking about schoolwork. He may be on
campus but never actually doing anything there. Makes me wonder if the
Lords actually have to attend.
“I’ve got somewhere to be before my plane leaves this morning,” he says
cryptically, walking over to me. He slaps my ass while staring down at it.
I’m still naked, and my hair is wet. I just got out of the shower. “Fuck, that
ass—”
“You pick.” I interrupt him.
He steps behind me, reaching up. He gently pulls the hair off my chest
and shoulder to lay across my back and leans down to kiss my neck, while
his eyes find mine in the mirror. “Pick what?” He kisses my neck again.
“The fantasy,” I whisper nervously.
His free hand comes up and wraps around my neck while his other comes
around and massages my breast. “What about it?”
“You told me last night to tell you what I wanted in order to act out my
fantasy.” Something about our conversation last night took a weight off my
shoulders. I woke up feeling lighter—more confident in myself and what I
want.
“I did,” he agrees, his teeth sinking into my skin.
I swallow the moan and focus on what I’m trying to say before I lose my
nerve. “I’m telling you now, I want you to pick.”
“How I act it out?” he confirms.
I nod. “Yeah.”
Smirking, he meets my eyes in the mirror. “Last chance.”
I frown. “For what?”
“To rethink that.” I go to ask what he means when he continues,
“Because you might not want to give me that kind of power.”
I swallow nervously but nod. “I’m sure.” I’m not backing down. My
mind knows right from wrong, but my body craves the wrong. And as little
as I know about Ryat, I do know that I can trust him. My body reacts to his
touch, his lips, his dominating demeanor. All I ever wanted Matt to do was
take control. I would be stupid not to use Ryat when he’s offering me that
very chance.
“Limits?” he asks. “Anything off the table?”
Biting my lip, I think of one thing. “No anal.” He obviously has a thing
for asses. I’d like to ease into that one.
“Okay, then.” He kisses my neck once again and pulls away from me.
“I’ll see you Sunday.” He slaps my ass and turns, leaving the bathroom.
“Wait. When will we do it?” I ask.
He stops and turns to face me, tilting his head to the side thinking about
it. “Do you want to know? Or would you rather be caught off guard?”
The thought of not knowing has my heart racing and my skin tingling. It
just takes away another choice that I didn’t realize I wanted him to have.
“Surprise me.”
He nods and then turns to leave.
Ryat.
I BRING MY car to a stop in the parking lot at the house of Lords. Entering the
double doors, I check the time on my watch. I have two hours before my
father’s jet is set to leave for New York. I hate to be late, but I’m not going
to put this off.
“Hey, where have you been?” Prickett asks as he sees me enter. An apple
in one hand, his cell in the other. It’s clear that Gunner hasn’t filled him in
on what we did at Blackout last night. But I didn’t expect him to. It wasn’t
Lord related. Just two overly jealous men who will do anything to prove a
point.
“Matt here?” I ask Prickett, avoiding his question. I actually prefer
staying at Blake’s apartment. It’s not as secluded as I’d like, but it’s better
than this place full of horny fucking men.
“Yeah, he’s in the gym.” He and Gunner exchange a look.
I run up the staircase, taking a right on the second floor. Then I storm
down the hallway to the double doors at the end. I shove them open,
noticing Gunner and Prickett are behind me.
The gym is large with everything you could possibly think of, plenty of
each station for us all to work out at the same time comfortably. When you
tell almost a hundred men they can’t fuck, you find a lot of them work out
to take their minds off what they really want. Thankfully at this time, most
of them are already in classes or still asleep.
Matt’s the only one in here at the moment. I spot him over in the corner,
working out with the free weights. He smirks when his eyes meet mine in
the floor-to-ceiling mirrors. “Pretty sure these weights are too heavy for
you,” he jokes.
Walking over to him, I pick up a thirty-pound dumbbell off a bench next
to him and swing, hitting him on the side of the head.
He stumbles over, dropping the weights he was holding. “Fuck …” he
groans, his hand going to a gash that is now bleeding from the side of his
head. I hope he’s seeing fucking stars right now.
Gunner’s eyes widen while Prickett drops his apple to the floor. Ignoring
them both, I grab Matt’s hair and yank him over to the bench press. I throw
him onto it facedown.
“Load it,” I order to Prickett and Gunner. Might as well put them to work
if I’m going to give them a show.
Matt is still pretty dazed from the hit to his head, so he’s not fully
understanding what’s going on just yet. Making his body sluggish and slow
to get up. His head hangs off the end, and his arms dangle off the sides,
touching the floor.
Prickett and Gunner put fifty pounds on each end and then lift it off the
bar. Pressing it to his back, they pin him down but hold it steady on both
sides, making Matt groan from the weight.
I crouch down in front of his face that hangs off the end of the bench. “I
saw you talking to my girl yesterday.” It’s clear that Blake doesn’t
remember our conversation before she passed out last night because she
didn’t mention it this morning. And I’m not going to remind her of it, but
I’m also not going to rat her out. Matt needs to think I saw it, not that she
told me what he said and did. Because I know if I hadn’t forced her, she
would have never told me. And I don’t like that.
Gunner and Prickett push their weight onto either end of the bar, shoving
it further into his back, making him bare his teeth at his silence. He coughs,
face turning red, but he’s fully aware of what’s happening right now. “She’s
not yours.” Matt manages to get out through gritted teeth. “Doesn’t matter
what you fucking do! She will be mine!”
I can’t argue that because it’s the truth. That doesn’t mean I fucking like
it. “Here’s the thing, Matt. I don’t give a fuck about that. She’s mine right
now. And I don’t fucking share. So as a reminder …” I stand and grip his
sweaty hair. Yanking his head up, I bring my knee to his face, hearing a
crack, and he cries out. His body jerks, and the guys have to grip the bar
tighter to keep it in place.
Keeping my hand fisted in his hair, I crouch back down beside him this
time and whisper into his ear. “That was for putting your fucking tongue on
her face. Do it again, and I’ll cut the goddamn thing out.” I let go of him,
and his bloody face falls to hang over the bench.
“Stay the fuck away from her, Matt. This will be your only warning. I
already took her from you once, and I can do it again.” With that, the guys
let go of their ends, and it slides off to the right of his back. The weight
catches his body and shoves him to the floor with it.
I turn and walk toward the double doors to exit the gym when I hear him
shout, “She does not belong to you! She will be my wife!” He’s screaming
as the doors shut behind my exit. Taking the stairs down to the first floor, I
head to my room to pack my bag for my trip home.
“What the fuck was that about?” Prickett charges into my room with
Gunner behind him.
“Nothing,” I lie. I’m not in the mood to go through this with them. My
entire body is vibrating right now because I’m so pissed at Matt. At Blakely.
I know it’s not her fault, but the fact that I may have never found out
doesn’t sit right with me. And I can’t even fucking tell her that because then
she’ll know she told me last night. Fuck!
“What the fuck, Ryat? That was not nothing.” Gunner is the one who
snaps.
I throw the bag on my bed and turn to face them. “I didn’t need your
help. So next time don’t follow me and get involved.”
Gunner snorts, and Prickett runs his hands through his hair.
“Listen …” Prickett steps into me. “Things haven’t been the same since
you and Matt returned from Chicago last year. We all know it. We’ve all
seen it. I don’t know what the fuck went down there, but you need to get
your shit together. Fighting in the Lords over a chosen …?” He shakes his
head. “That’s the last thing you want to be seen doing.”
I step into him, not about to back down. I love Prickett as a brother, but
I’m not past breaking his fucking jaw. “Then he needs to keep his fucking
hands off what’s mine.”
“Jesus, Ryat. Are you falling for her?” Gunner asks, wide-eyed.
“Fuck, no.” I hiss at his dumb-ass question. “This is about Matt and him
putting his hands on something that doesn’t belong to him,” I shout. “I
didn’t give him permission—”
“I’m going to stop you right there.” Prickett interrupts me, placing his
hands up and stepping back, giving me some space. “Did he fuck her?”
“No.” I would have killed that sorry son of a bitch right there in the
weight room and hung his body for all to see just to make a point.
“Then you can’t go after him, Ryat. Unless he did something with your
chosen without your permission, the Lords won’t see your tantrum
justified.”
“Tantrum?” I give a rough laugh.
“What else would you call it?” Gunner shrugs.
My teeth fucking grind because I could explain it to them a million
different ways, and they wouldn’t understand.
Someone knocks on my bedroom door, and I snap, “What?”
It cracks open, and Sarah pokes her head in. Her eyes go from me to
Prickett and then Gunner. “I’m headed to class,” she tells him.
He looks at her, then back at me. After a long second, he sighs. “I’ll walk
you out.” Then he leaves me alone with Prickett.
“I …”
“Leave, Prickett.” I’m over this conversation.
He hangs his head, rubbing the back of his neck. “I just hope you know
what you’re doing, Ryat. I’d hate for you to come this far and lose it over a
piece of ass.” Then he too turns and walks out, leaving me pissed off.
An hour later, I’m boarding my father’s private jet when my cell rings in
my pocket. Taking a seat in the white leather chair, I see it’s a number that
isn’t saved and shows no name. Not uncommon.
“Hello?” I answer.
“Hello, Ryat.”
I recognize his voice immediately and sit up straighter in my chair. I
haven’t spoken to him since I met him in the middle of the night in his
office when he told me to choose Blakely. “Sir …”
“I heard there was an issue this morning at the house of Lords.”
My teeth grind. How the fuck does he know? Prickett and Gunner may
not understand what I did, but they’re not rats. There wasn’t anyone else in
the gym. And I know Sarah doesn’t know what happened. That only leaves
one possibility. Matt! He’s already run his mouth to his daddy. Maybe he
thinks if he can get me stripped of the Lords, he’ll get Blakely sooner.
Maybe that was his plan all along. Go to Blake, threaten her, thinking she’ll
run to me, and I’ll attack him. Fuck, if that was his plan, I fed right into it
and gave him exactly what he wanted.
“Yes, sir. It won’t happen again,” I lie. Matt needs to learn his lesson. If I
need to do that again, then so be it. I’ll face those consequences, when the
time comes.
“No need,” he says dismissively.
I frown and repeat. “No need?”
“Yes. I’m not aware of the details, and neither do I care. But just so we
have an understanding.” He pauses and clears his throat. “You do whatever
the fuck is necessary to keep him away from her. And I’ll make sure that
these pesky rumors are never heard of.”
A smile grows across my face. What the fuck has Matt done to piss off
this man?
“Am I clear?” he asks at my silence.
“Yes, sir.”
Click.
I sit back as the engines come to life on the jet, and that smile grows even
bigger, making my cheeks hurt. This game just got a lot more fun.

THE TOWN CAR pulls up to the front of the Victorian mansion in Upstate New
York where I grew up.
Getting out, I grab my bag and head up the steps. Before I can even reach
the last one, the door swings wide open. My mom shrieks, placing her
hands over her mouth before running to me.
“Ryat!” she screams a little too loud in my ear as she hugs me tightly.
I drop my bag to hug her back. “Hey, Mom.”
“Oh my God, I’m so glad you’re home.” She pulls away and cups my
face with both of her hands. “You’re such a grown man.” I see the tears start
to build in her soft blue eyes.
I never come home. It’s not because of her or because of my dad. I just
choose to be somewhere else. “I’m only here for the weekend,” I remind
her.
She smiles at me. “I know. But soon, you’ll be living here again.”
I don’t respond to that.
“Son,” my father calls out from inside the house.
“He’s been waiting on you,” she says softly.
Kissing her on the cheek, I reach down and grab my bag before walking
inside.
“I’ll take that.” She jerks it from my hands. When I go to reach out for it,
she adds, “I’ll put it in your room.” Then she turns and practically skips up
the stairs.
Taking in a deep breath, I walk down the hallway and into his study to
the right. He sits behind his desk, typing away on his computer.
“I’m glad you could make it home, son,” he says, glancing up at me, then
going back to his screen.
I fall into the brown leather couch. “You said it was important.”
His cell phone rings, and he stands. “Give me a second.” Dismissing
himself from the room, he answers it.
I pull mine out and enter my passcode before pulling up my app that
shows me the inside of Blake’s apartment. She’s lying in bed. She must
have gone back to take a nap after her first class. I know she’s tired. After
her drunken state last night plus waking up after her dream, she didn’t get
much sleep.
She’s on her right side, facing one of the cameras. The covers are shoved
down to the footboard. All she wears is her thong. Her clothes are on the
floor by her bed.
“Sorry about that,” my father announces, entering, and I lock my cell
before he can see what I’m looking at.
“It’s fine.” I shove it into my pocket and think of anything but her to
ignore my hard cock.
He sits back behind his desk, undoing the button on his Armani suit
jacket, his green eyes meeting mine. “Mr. Williams called me.”
I roll my eyes. “Can’t say I’m surprised. I’m sure I know what he wanted
too.”
He nods. “Cindy told him who you chose, and he wanted to know why.”
“Did you tell him it’s none of his goddamn business,” I growl. God, that
family is annoying. The fact that I have to marry into it gives me a
migraine. And they keep overlooking the fact that no one chose her. That
should be the first hint. I’ve seen Lords go to war over wanting the same
chosen, while refusing to share her with one another.
“Well, she will be your wife—”
“Not by choice,” I interrupt him, standing.
He sighs heavily. “Arranged marriages aren’t uncommon in our social
circle, Ryat.”
I walk over to the window and look over the grounds. You can see the
horse stables from here. My mom loves her horses. She’s been riding since
she was a kid. The only kind of horse my father likes are the ones that win
him money at the track. “Yeah, well, as long as the prenup doesn’t mention
anything about remaining faithful.” I give him a pointed look. “For either of
us.” She can fuck who she wants, and I’ll fuck whoever I want. I don’t want
to get caught with my pants down around my ankles and her try to take me
for everything I have.
He runs a hand down his face. “The Williamses aren’t the issue right
now.”
“Then what is?” I ask, looking back out the window.
“Matt.”
I tense. Does my father know what I did this morning? That Blakely is
causing problems? He knows I had to choose her, but does he know why? I
decide the best way to find out what he knows is to play stupid about what I
did to Matt in the gym this morning.
I snort. “He’s always a problem.”
“I’m serious, Ryat. He’s getting worried. He’s offered to pay.”
I look back at him and growl. “How much?” So, my knee to his face has
made him desperate? He thinks I have the chance to take Blakely away
from him.
“Fifty grand.”
I roll my eyes. “The Winstons always have been fucking cheap.”
“You saying you want to offer more?”
Walking back over to the couch, I sit down and arch a brow. “Since when
is that an option?” He’s got to be joking, but I’ll see where it gets me.
He shrugs. “This isn’t about you. It’s about Matt.” Leaning forward, he
places his forearms on his desk. “So, I’m asking you … How much more
are we going to offer?”
“I’m going to marry Cindy,” I argue. “Why would I make an offer for a
woman who I have to toss to the side afterward?” His logic doesn’t make
any sense.
“I can’t tell you that,” he answers simply.
I roll my eyes. “Of course not. How do you even know he wants to buy
her now?” He’s trying to guarantee his future that I threatened to take away
from him. He never wanted her. Matt is to marry Blakely because his father
told him that’s what he’ll do. There’s no other reason behind it. Now I have
the fucker scared. I took his toy, and he knows it won’t be clean and
innocent when I’m done with it. No, it’ll be dirty and tarnished. Used every
way imaginable.
When she sucks and fucks his cock in a way that makes his head spin, his
first thought will be—did Ryat teach her that? I damn sure did, you son of a
bitch!
“I received a call,” he answers vaguely.
And I don’t ask any further questions because I know I won’t get any
answers.
“So, I’m going to ask you one more time.” He speaks, and I come to a
stop and look at him. “How much is she worth to you?”
BLAKELY.
I LIE IN my bed dressed in a T-shirt and a pair of gray boy shorts, watching
a Halloween movie and snacking on popcorn while having a glass of wine.
Well, technically, I’m drinking it out of the bottle. It just sounded good.
Sarah is at the house of Lords, and I’m home alone because Ryat is out of
town for the weekend. It’s only Friday night, and I’m already going crazy
bored with nothing to do. I’ve always been a homebody, but it’s lonely
without Sarah here with me. We’ve always been homebodies together. And
I’ve spent every day with Ryat since the vow ceremony. It’s just weird
being here alone. The place seems so quiet.
My cell rings, and I pick it up to see it’s Ryat. “Hello?” I answer before
taking a swig from the bottle. I’m not nearly drunk. I still have over half
left.
“Hey, little one,” he says in greeting. “What are you doing?”
“Lying in bed.” I’m a real party animal.
“Oh, yeah?”
“Yep. Bored as shit. You won’t let me go out.” I secretly like how
controlling and possessive he is. It’s like he’s feeding a craving. But it’s
cruel that he tells me this and leaves me here alone. If I have house arrest,
I’d much rather it be with him.
He chuckles. “Well, you wouldn’t be bored if I was there.”
My breathing picks up, and I take another drink. “What would you be
doing to keep me busy?” I ask.
“Well, for starters, I’d rip that shirt off you along with that underwear.
And I’d take that bottle of wine away from you.”
I look up, forgetting he has cameras in this place. I still have no clue
where they are in the apartment. But I have a feeling that they’re in more
places than just my bedroom. Something about knowing he watches me
turns me on. I sink further into the bed, getting comfortable. “And?”
“I’d cuff your hands behind your back and then flip you over, pinning
them underneath you.” I groan at the image he gives me. “I’d then drag you
across the bed where your head hangs off the side. I would order you to
open your mouth so I could fuck it.”
“Ryat,” I moan his name as I lick my lips, imagining him in my mouth.
I’ve only given him head that night during the vow ceremony.
“You’d have your legs spread wide open for me while I used a vibrator
on your wet cunt. You’d come with my cock down your throat.”
He’s so vulgar with what he wants and how he wants it. I like that about
him. I wish I was as open as him. It takes a lot for me to tell him what I
want. I think that’s due to so much rejection Matt gave me. He always made
me feel dirty. Not just about my fantasies but anytime I showed him any
kind of sexual desire. I think that’s why I like the way Ryat takes control
without me even having to ask.
Reaching up, I grab my breast over my shirt, knowing my nipples are
hard.
“Blake,” he warns. “Do not touch yourself.”
I bang my head on the headboard. “No fair. You’re getting me worked up
on purpose. What time Sunday will you be back?” I change the subject.
“Not until Monday night,” he answers.
“What? You said Sunday.” It’s only Friday. He left first thing this
morning but never gave me a return time for Sunday. I was hoping for early
morning.
“Something came up,” he says vaguely.
That seems to happen a lot in his life. “Well, then I guess I’ll see you
Monday.” I try not to sound sad or desperate. I went twenty years without
sex. I can last three days.
We say our goodbyes, and I lie down, getting comfortable and turning the
movie up.

Ryat.
I UNLOCK THE door and enter. A quick look at my watch tells me it’s almost
one in the morning. I walk into the bedroom to find her lying on her left
side, sound asleep. The popcorn still on the bed next to her with the TV on
the Netflix home screen and empty wine bottle on the nightstand.
I drop the bag next to her and open it up. Reaching in, I pull out
everything that I’m going to need. Then I go over to her dresser drawer and
pull out a see-through thong. Walking back over to her, I grip the covers and
rip them off her. She stirs, moving onto her stomach.
Perfect.
I get on the bed and grab her arms, gently pulling them behind her back
and crossing her wrists. She moans, her head moving. I grab the zip tie and
wrap it around them, securing it tightly.
“What …?” she mumbles sleepily.
Then I reach up, grab a handful of her hair, and yank her face off the
pillow. She screams, fully awake now. Sitting on her back, I reach around
and shove the thong into her mouth and immediately grab the duct tape.
Snapping a piece off with my teeth, I place it over her mouth, securing them
inside, all the while she’s kicking and mumbling into the gag.
I shove her face into the pillow while my free hand grabs the black
drawstring bag. Letting go of her hair just for a second, she lifts her head to
suck in a breath through her nose, and I shove the bag over her head and
pull the drawstring, tying it off at the back of her neck to keep it in place,
but loose enough where she can still breathe in fresh air through the bottom.
Getting off her, she’s flopping around trying to free herself when I grab
her legs and place another zip tie around her ankles. Then I throw her over
my shoulder and carry her out of the apartment.
I take her out the side exit where I’ve already got my SUV parked.
Opening the back, I place her on her stomach. I pick up the rope that I
already had sitting in the back and quickly slide it between her tied wrists
and then also slide it between her tied ankles, pulling it tight—hog-tying
her.
Stepping back, I watch her fight the restraints, wearing herself down.
She’s mumbling nonsense through her gag, and her body is shaking. She
can’t see me through the bag over her head. I’ve taken all but her hearing
away from her. And even that has to be limited by the rush of adrenaline—
the blood rushing in her ears.
Placing my hand on her shoulder, I push her onto her side and rip her
shirt up to expose her breasts to me. I reach out, wrapping one hand around
her throat while the other squeezes her breast. I lean down and whisper,
“Scream all you want, little one. You’re mine now.”
Then I slam the hatch shut. THIRTY MINUTES LATER, I pull off the highway to a gravel road and come up
to the house. I get out and walk around the back of the SUV. She’s still
struggling on her side. Reaching into my pocket, I cut the rope but leave the
zip ties. Her feet fall to the floor, and I pull her out of the back by her arm
before once again throwing her over my shoulder and carrying her into the
house.
Making my way down the hallway, I reach up and slap her ass, and she
moans.
I kick the bedroom door open and toss her onto the bed. I was here earlier
and prepared it by removing the comforter and top sheet, and dropping off
what items I would need. Rolling her onto her stomach, I cut the zip tie that
binds her arms, then shove her to her back as I straddle her chest.
She screams behind her gag, and her arms slap at me. But I easily grab
her left hand and shove it through the slip knot I’ve already made in the
rope that is secured to the bed frame. I then do the same with the right.
Getting off the bed, she kicks her zip-tied feet, twisting her body to the
left and right. I walk down to the end of the bed and cut that tie as well.
Then I secure each ankle to a bedpost with rope, wide apart, making her
spread eagle. Then I stand at the end and look over her. Her shirt has ridden
up in her struggle to expose her pierced belly button. My eyes travel down
to her gray boy shorts. There’s a wet spot.
I knew there would be. This was a fantasy of hers. Fuck Matt for making
her feel ashamed for what she wants.
Walking around to the left side of the bed, I take the knife and place it on
the inside of her leg. She stills, no longer screaming. Her heavy panting fills
the room. I run the blade upward, being careful not to cut the skin, getting
to her underwear. I slip it between the material and her skin, cutting them
free.
She whimpers, body trembling. Placing my hand between her legs, I cup
her wet pussy. She arches her back, letting out a muffled cry.
I push my palm into her pelvic bone and grip her cunt. Thrusting my
three fingers inside her and removing them quickly, I slap her pussy.
Her body jerks off the bed as a muffled cry follows. I slap it again, and
she twists and turns, trying to close her legs.
Not happening, little one.
Crawling onto the bed, I sit next to her. I shove the bag up a little to
expose her neck to me and wrap my left hand around it, holding her down
to the mattress but not cutting off her air. Dropping the knife beside me, I
cup her pussy again with my right hand, and this time, I finger-fuck her. Her
body rocks back and forth on its own while she mumbles incoherent words
behind her gag.
It doesn’t take long before her pussy clamps down on me, and she comes.
Removing my fingers, I lick them clean one at a time as they pop out of
my mouth. Tasting that sweet fucking honey.
Then I cut the rope that binds her legs. She yanks them closed and brings
her knees up. I smile, forcing them apart with my hands and sitting between
them. I unzip my pants and pull out my dick. It’s been so hard since I called
her earlier from the jet on my way back. I didn’t stay in New York for very
long. After my conversation with my father, I wanted the hell out of there
and back here with her. Knowing this was an opportunity I didn’t want to
miss. She gave me the green light this morning in her bathroom to act out
her fantasy however I wanted. Her thinking I was out of town all weekend
was the best chance.
As I look at her tied and gagged with a hood over her head, knowing I’m
taking advantage of her, I’m turned on just as much as she is.
I grip my cock and slide into her. She sucks me in, and I bite my tongue
not to groan in pleasure.
Fuck!
I take the knife to her neck, and she stiffens once again. I cut the tie and
rip the hood off her head. She blinks rapidly from the harsh light of the
bedroom.
“Hello, little one,” I say, smiling as my cock jerks inside her.
She blinks again, her pretty face covered in tears. I reach up and gently
push the hair from her face, but I don’t remove the tape. I have plenty of
time to hear her scream my name over the weekend while we’re here.
“So beautiful,” I tell her
She whimpers.
I place the tip of the knife back to her neck, and she arches it, panting
through her nose. I run it through her shirt, ripping it in half. Then I toss it
to the floor.
She wraps her legs around my hips, and I lean forward. Gripping her
chin, I turn her head to the side. I lick the tears off her cheek, and my hips
start to move.
“Such a good girl for coming for me,” I tell her. “I knew you would.”
I pull back and slam forward. She pulls on the rope that binds her arms.
Her hands are turning blue from how hard she’s managed to tighten them. I
had just made slip knots to slide them into for easy access because I didn’t
want to drug her. I needed her awake and aware of what was happening. So,
I had to make things as easy as possible to restrain her while she fought me.
She’s made them tighter by pulling on them during her pointless fight.
I lean down, taking a nipple into my mouth. I suck on it as I fuck her. The
bed bangs against the wall so hard, we may break it.
Her soaking wet cunt clamps down on me again, and she’s coming.
“That’s my girl,” I say, licking my way up her chest to her neck. I kiss
her racing pulse and slide my free hand under her head. I grip her hair,
holding her in place while I sink my teeth into her neck, drawing her salty
skin into my mouth, knowing I’ll leave a big hickey there.
Letting go, I trail kisses up her chin and the duct tape, so I’m over her
lips. I kiss them before pulling back. Her watery blue eyes meet mine
before she closes them.
“Look at me,” I order softly.
She opens them back up, and I grip the back of her knees, shoving her
legs wide open for me, but my eyes fall to watch my cock slide in and out,
covered in her cum. Biting my lip, I pound into her, making her tits bounce
and her eyes fall closed. She’s coming again once more as I am.
BLAKELY.
HE REMOVES THE tape from my face, the sting making me flinch, and
pulls the underwear from my mouth. I immediately start sobbing. He
undoes my arms and pulls my trembling body into his.
I knew it was Ryat before he even spoke to me. I have the feel of his
hands down. I know the touch of his lips. And I know how he fucks. My
body has never been so alive. I’ve never come so hard in my life. I guess
that’s not saying much since he’s the only guy I’ve ever slept with. But even
when I fantasized about it in the past, I’ve never come like that.
“Shh,” he soothes me while I lie on my side, my face buried into his shirt
in this unfamiliar bedroom. “You’re okay,” he says, rubbing my bare back.
I squint my eyes shut and try to catch my breath, letting him hold me like
he cares. “I feel guilty,” I admit softly.
He pulls me away from him and runs his hand down my face, wiping
away the tears. “Don’t. Don’t do that to yourself, Blake.”
“I got off.” I swallow the lump in my throat. “I liked it.” Shame washes
over me like a heavy wave.
“That’s okay,” he tells me. “It was a fantasy, Blake. I wanted you to
enjoy it.”
A small part of me is relieved that I enjoyed it, but the bigger part is
ashamed of that. The fact that he took my sight, voice, and restrained me
had my body screaming with joy. I laid in the back of the car crying and
breathing into that hood, so turned on. I kept hearing Matt’s voice, saying
how fucked up I am. How wrong my body was to be enjoying it.
He pulls away, reaching out for the nightstand. Then he’s handing me a
bottle of water. “Here, drink this.”
I sit up and take a drink, my hands shaking so bad, I miss my mouth, and
some runs down my exposed chest. Taking another, I hand it back to him
and rub my tear-streaked face. Lying back down, I sniff, and he settles back
down next to me, pulling me close once again, hugging me.
“I’m sorry,” I whisper, not really sure what I’m sorry for exactly. It just
feels like the right thing to say to him at the moment.
“Don’t be.” He sighs. “There’s no reason to be sorry. Fantasies don’t hurt
anyone, Blake.” Feeling his lips on my hair, he kisses it softly. I close my
eyes and let him hold me while I try to calm my breathing and stop crying.
It feels like hours, but my body starts to relax. Everything hurts. My body is
exhausted. Pulling away from him, I lie on my back and stare up at the
ceiling.
“You okay?” he asks, reaching out and rubbing my stomach.
I nod. “Where are we?”
“My house.”
I look over at him, and his emerald eyes are staring at me intently.
“Yours?”
“Yeah. I bought it a couple of years ago, but I never get to stay here. I’m
always at house of Lords. I thought of bringing you here because I didn’t
want to act it out at your apartment. I wanted to take you away from there
and give you a new environment. You said in your dream that he drags you
off into the woods. I wanted you to use your imagination to see where it
would take you. Give you control of where you thought you were going.”
I sit up and place my hand on his shirt and notice he’s still dressed in his
clothes. “Thank you,” I tell him. He did something that Matt refused to do.
Ryat just listened to me. He didn’t judge me. He asked what I wanted, and
then he gave me exactly that.
He lifts my hand to his lips and kisses my knuckles. “How do you feel?”
“Better,” I say truthfully.
“Tell me about it,” he urges. “Is there anything you didn’t like about it?”
I blush, wishing he’d turn the lights off so he couldn’t see my face. “No.”
“Is it something that you want to do again?”
I nod, biting my bottom lip nervously.
He reaches out, pulling it free from my teeth, running the pad of his
thumb across it. His eyes follow before they meet mine again. “What would
you want done differently?”
“I don’t know.”
“Blake.” He sighs. “I’m more than willing to do what you want, but you
have to tell me what that is.”
Looking away from him, I feel tears start to sting my eyes again with
shame. “I …” That lump returns, and I can’t seem to swallow it down.
He grips my chin gently and forces me to look over at him. “What?”
“I just don’t want the choice,” I whisper. My body likes to be dominated.
However he wants to do that is okay. It’s terrifying but also exciting. To me,
giving him the power over me gives me power. It’s freeing. It doesn’t make
any fucking sense to me, but that’s what feels the best. I thought I would
like the surprise factor, but it ended up being the biggest turn-on.
He nods. “Okay.” Leaning in, he kisses my forehead tenderly before
pulling my body back into his. “Did you like the fact that I spoke to you? I
wanted to make sure you knew it was me without ruining it for you.”
“I knew it was you before you even spoke,” I tell him.
“Yeah?” He arches a brow. “Well, I’ll take that as a compliment.”
I chuckle and try changing the subject. “Why are you back?”
“I came back early for you,” he answers through a yawn.
My brows rise. “You weren’t even gone for twenty-four hours.”
“I hate New York,” he states.
I don’t mention Matt told me that Ryat will one day be a judge there. I
doubt he knows everything. He was probably just lying anyway to put
thoughts in my head.
“Are you hungry?” he asks.
“No.” I yawn and stretch out my heavy limbs.
“Get some rest. You must be tired,” he says, pulling away from me. A
hint that he’s not coming to bed with me.
“What time is it?” I ask, all of a sudden feeling drained.
He looks at his cell. “Almost two thirty.” Then he bends down and picks
up the top sheet. He lays it across the bed and then does the same with the
comforter that’s folded over in the corner.
I close my eyes and yawn once again. I’m about to pass the fuck out
when I open my eyes to see him walking toward the door. “Hey, Ryat?”
He turns to face me. “Yeah?”
“Thank you,” I say again.
“You don’t have to thank me, little one,” he says, turning off the light and
then exiting the room.
I roll over and pull the covers up to my neck and close my eyes, hearing
him shut the door as he exits, not giving two fucks about taking a shower
right now.
Ryat.
SUNDAY NIGHT, I’M standing in the bathroom at the sink brushing my teeth.
Spitting out the toothpaste, I turn around and watch Blakely in the bathtub.
She’s relaxing back with her head on a white pillow and her eyes closed.
Her hair is up in a messy bun. Some pieces have fallen down around her
face and are wet. Her left knee is bent, popping out of the bubbles that fill
the Jacuzzi tub.
I walk over to the side and sit down on the edge. Placing my hand on her
knee, I slide it down to her inner thigh, my hand dipping into the scorching
hot water. She jumps, her eyes springing open at the touch. “Were you
sleeping?” I ask her.
“No,” she answers through a yawn.
I laugh at that lie. “Come on.” I tap her thigh. “I don’t want you falling
asleep in here and drowning.”
“Aw, you do care about me.” She smiles.
“Can’t fuck a dead chick,” I joke. Well, you can, but then again, that’s not
a kink I’m into.
She throws some bubbles at me, landing on my shirt. I stand, and she
reaches out, grabbing my hand to stop me. “Can we stay here tonight? We
can get up extra early in the morning to head back.”
“Sure.” I wasn’t planning on leaving this late anyway. I know she’s tired,
and frankly, so am I. Leaving the bathroom, I enter the master suite. I just
lie down in bed when my cell goes off on the nightstand. Picking it up, I see
it’s a text from Prickett.
Turn on the TV.
Frowning, I pick up the remote next to my phone and point it at the flat
screen that hangs on the wall. It comes on, and I don’t even have to change
the channel. A news crew stands outside of a home here in Pennsylvania.
Police cars, ambulances, and a coroner van are gathered in the large
driveway of the three-story, white brick mansion.
“What’s going on?” Blake asks, walking out of the bathroom.
I look over at her dressed in nothing but a short towel, and my first
thought is to throw her on the bed and fuck her. But I dismiss it and put my
eyes back on the TV. “Not sure,” I answer honestly.
A brunette steps into the camera, holding a mic to her face. “A manhunt
has been issued,” she announces. “Behind me, you’ll see the police and FBI
are at the Mallory family’s home …”
“Oh, shit,” I whisper, sitting up straighter.
“Who is that?” Blake asks. “You know them?”
I nod in answer.
“All we know right now is that there was forced entry with one fatality
...”
“Fuck!” I hiss, my hands going to my head.
“What?” Blake demands. “What’s wrong?”
If it’s who I think it is, heads are about to roll. Gregory Mallory is a very
important Lord here in Pennsylvania. With a list a mile long of people who
would want him dead. His position has enemies lined up wanting his head.
“Ryat …?” Blake snaps, trying to get my attention to answer her
question, but I ignore her.
Three FBI agents exit the front doors of the home and walk over to the
reporter. “Shut this down.” You hear one demand to the woman.
“I’m Jane, with News One. We’re allowed to be …”
He cuts her off by taking her mic while the other one slams the camera
down onto the ground. The picture goes blurry, and they cut back to the
station.
I turn it off.
“Ryat, what’s going on?” Blake demands.
My phone ringing keeps me from having to acknowledge her. I answer
when I see it’s my father. “Hello?” I ask, getting out of bed and walking
into the living room.
“You see that shit?” he growls.
“Yeah. What the fuck happened?” I demand, catching Blake now
standing in the living room at the end of the hallway, arms crossed over her
chest, watching me.
“There was a hit out on Gregory. But he wasn’t home—”
“Wait,” I interrupt him. “They said one fatality. Who the hell did they
kill?”
“Remy,” he answers.
I fall onto the couch and place my face in my hand. “Fuck!” I sigh. It’s
worse than I thought.
“Yeah,” my father agrees.
I pull it away from my ear to look at the screen when it vibrates. It’s a
text.
House of Lords. Now!
“I gotta go,” I tell him, not even bothering to wait for a response.
Standing, I look at her. “Get dressed. We’re leaving.”
She places her arms out wide, and the towel drops to her feet. “In what? I
don’t have anything to wear. You cut my shirt and my underwear.” Arching
a brow, she places her hands on her narrow hips.
My eyes take a second to run over the bruises that cover her body in
various places along with my teeth marks. She’s got two hickeys—one on
her neck, the other on her inner thigh. We’ve spent all weekend here at my
cabin doing nothing but fucking, and I’m still hard. “I have clothes you can
wear.” I point at the bedroom, ignoring my cock. Now is not the time.
We’ve got to go. “Grab a T-shirt and a pair of sweatpants out of my closet.
We’re leaving in five minutes.”
Thankfully, she doesn’t argue with me anymore and goes to get dressed.
“Are you going to tell me what’s going on?” she asks the moment we’re
in my SUV speeding down the highway to get back to the house of Lords.
“I can’t,” I say honestly.
“Can’t or won’t?” she snaps, getting irritated.
I shift in my seat. “Can’t. I took an oath …”
She snorts. “Matt used to always say that shit. It was a lie then too.”
I give her a quick glance to see she’s glaring out the passenger window.
The fact that she even mentioned him pisses me off. “Look, even if I could
tell you, I wouldn’t because it’s none of your damn business,” I snap.
“Right!” She looks over at me. “Sometimes I need a reminder that the
only reason you’re fucking me is to piss off Matt!”
My hands tighten on the steering wheel. “Blake …”
“So, thanks for that, Ryat,” she adds with bite.
“Blake!” I snap in warning.
She huffs, crossing her arms over her chest and sitting back in her seat.
I turn up “If You Want Love” by NF to drown out my thoughts and
anything else she has to say.

WE’RE WALKING INTO the house of Lords when we run into Sarah and
Gunner. She eyes me warily, and I wonder if any rumors are being spread in
the house while I’m away regarding Matt and me.
“Where have you two been?” Sarah asks, looking over at Blakely. “You
guys have been MIA all weekend.”
“We’ve been staying at the apartment,” she answers her.
“We were just there yesterday.” Sarah looks at Gunner. “I was actually
worried. Your room was destroyed. Stuff kicked over. Looked like there
was a struggle of some sort.”
Blake’s cheeks flush at the same time Matt walks around the corner. I
don’t miss the black eye he has from my knee connecting with his face the
last time I saw him. “We went out to my cabin for the weekend,” I answer
Sarah’s previous question, not taking my eyes off his until he disappears
down another hallway before Blake can even see him.
“We left in a hurry,” Blake jokes.
“Well, I’m glad you guys are back.” Sarah smiles at her.
“Actually, we’re just grabbing a few things, then going back to the
apartment,” I inform them.
“Oh.” Her face falls. “I have been texting and calling you all weekend,
and you never answered,” she tells her.
Blake frowns, and I look at Gunner. He pretends like he’s not listening
and looks away to the grand staircase.
“Hmm,” Blake adds. “I didn’t have anything on my phone from you.
Maybe I didn’t have any reception. We were out pretty far.”
I grab Blake’s hand, ending this conversation and pulling her away and
down the hall to my room.
After I close the door, I turn to her. “I have to attend a meeting,” I tell
her.
She just stares at me, her pretty blue eyes still heated from earlier. She
hasn’t spoken directly to me since I snapped at her on the way here.
“Stay in here. I’ll come back when I’m done.” With that, I turn and exit
the room to see Gunner and Sarah in the hallway.
“Sarah is going to hang out with Blakely while we’re occupied,” he tells
me.
I nod and open my bedroom door for her. Sarah doesn’t even look at me
as she enters, and I yank it shut harder than I mean to.
Gunner laughs. “Trouble in paradise already?”
“Let’s get this over with.” I ignore him and shoulder past him.
STEPPING OFF THE elevator, Gunner and I step into the basement. The
bunker was added after the hotel was given to the Lords. It’s an armory
down here. More guns, ammo, and weapons we could ever need. It’s also
where we hold all our important meetings.
The walls are matte black with racks of guns hanging on the far wall. The
right wall has knives of various sizes and colors.
There’s a black table in the center of the room. Enough seats to fit fifty
people. I notice that only the seniors are present. I plop down next to
Prickett, ignoring Matt, who sits across from me. Gunner takes the seat to
my right.
Lincoln enters the room and doesn’t waste any time. Clapping his hands,
he gets started. “I’m guessing everyone has seen the news by now and is
aware of what’s happened.”
“Yes,” everyone says in unison.
He takes the chair at the head of the table. “I need two volunteers for an
assignment. I can’t give you any other details other than the job might take
a day, might take three weeks. That all depends on how long it takes you to
get it done.”
I’m about to volunteer when I hear Matt speak. “Ryat and I will handle
it.”
Gunner’s wide eyes shoot to mine while Prickett runs a hand down his
face.
“Ryat?” Lincoln looks at me, relaxing back in his chair, waiting for
confirmation.
I can’t say no. If I do, it’ll prove to everyone in here I have a problem
with Matt. “Sounds good, sir,” I say and then clench my hand in my lap.
Motherfucker!
“Perfect. You all are dismissed.” Lincoln stands and exits in a hurry. I’m
sure to go get updated on whatever I’m about to be doing.
“Are you fucking serious?” Prickett snaps in my face the moment we’re
out of the room and jumping on the elevator. Thankfully, it’s just him,
Gunner and me. The others stayed behind.
“What was I supposed to say?” I growl.
“No. That you refuse to work with him.”
I snort at that.
“He’s obviously setting you up.” He goes on.
“Let him.” I shrug.
“Ryat …”
“I don’t give a fuck about him right now.” I snap at Prickett and put my
attention on Gunner. “I need a favor from you.”
“I’ve got it covered.” He nods, already knowing what I was going to ask.
“Thanks, man.” The elevator dings and stops on the first floor. We exit,
and Lincoln stands there.
“May I have a moment?” he asks me.
“Yeah,” I tell him as Gunner and Prickett walk off down the hall, leaving
us alone. “What’s up?”
“Sure you want to do this?” he asks.
“Doubting me?” I arch a brow.
He chuckles. “Never.” His face gets serious, and he checks his watch.
“All I know is that you’ve got five hours. So, I’d make sure your girl is
home and in bed asleep before you leave.”
BLAKELY.
“IS EVERYTHING OKAY?” Sarah asks me while we sit on Ryat’s bed.
“Yeah.”
“Why do I feel like you’re lying to me?” She laughs softly.
I sigh, pulling the hair tie loose from my hair. The messy bun was falling
anyway. “Does Gunner tell you anything about the Lords?”
“Nope.” She shakes her head. “And I’m totally fine with that. I’d rather
not know.”
“It drives me nuts,” I admit. “Like what the fuck could they possibly be
doing that’s so secretive?”
“Listen, Blakely …” She takes my hands in hers. “Whatever you’re
thinking, let it go. Okay? I’ve heard some shit while staying here, and
you’re much better off not knowing.”
“Like what?” I urge.
Letting go of my hands, she tucks a piece of hair behind her ear. “They
…”
The door opens, and she jumps when I look up to see Ryat and Gunner
both enter the room. “Hey, babe. Come on.” Gunner stands in the doorway,
holding the door open, obviously taking her away from me.
She looks back at me, giving me a soft smile. “I’ll see you in class
tomorrow.”
I nod, pissed that they interrupted whatever she was about to tell me, but
I guess waiting until morning isn’t too bad.
Ryat enters his bathroom, and I get up, following him. He turns on the
sink and bends over, splashing water on his face. “Are we staying here
tonight?” I ask him.
“No,” comes his clipped answer before yanking a hand towel off a hook
and running it down his face. Then he just tosses it onto the counter. “We’re
headed to your apartment.” Then he walks past me, going back to his
bedroom.
“How long are we going to do this?” I ask, following him.
“Don’t, Blake,” he snaps. “I’m not in the mood right now.”
“Maybe I’m not in the mood to put up with your shit!” I push.
He spins around, his hand goes to my throat and shoves me back into the
wall. So hard it knocks the air out of my lungs. His face lowers to mine, our
lips almost touching, and his green eyes are slits on mine with a tic in his
sharp jaw.
I almost forgot how terrifying he could be. He’s been nice, understanding
even. But it reminds me that this is just an agreement, and I’m nothing to
him. Like I said in the car, I’m just here so he can piss off Matt.
“I said I’m not doing this right now. And I meant that. So, unless you
want to really see me pissed, I suggest you back the fuck off.” His voice is
low, his words controlled, but his hand around my throat is shaking, giving
away his true feelings at the moment.
I wonder if it’s me or something else. Lifting my chin, my lips thin. “I
understand.”
Letting go of my neck, he steps away. “Let’s go.”
We exit his room, and I look up across the hall to see Matt walking out of
a room. His eyes meet mine, and he gives me a smile. It makes the hairs on
the back of my neck rise. His blue eyes go to Ryat, and I notice the black
eye that he has. What the hell happened to him? Did Ryat do that? Are they
fighting? Is that why Ryat is on edge? Did Matt say something to him about
me? It’s not like Matt knows any secrets about me. I never got the chance to
do anything crazy.
“See you soon,” Matt speaks, nodding his head to Ryat with that smile
still on his face.
Ryat grabs my hand and yanks me down the hall. I look back at him over
my shoulder just as the bleach blonde exits Matt’s room, pulling him back
into it and shutting the door behind them.

WE ENTER MY apartment, and I’m on edge. I don’t like not knowing what’s
going on. Especially when it could involve me.
“What did Matt mean?” I ask Ryat as we enter my bedroom. “Why will
he see you soon?”
“Not now.” He sighs heavily, scratching the back of his neck.
“Ryat …”
“Blake!” he snaps my name, pinning me with a glare. Releasing a sigh,
he slowly walks over to me.
I don’t move. Coming up to me, he slides his hand in my hair and licks
his lips. “Can we just go to bed? It’s been a long weekend and an even
longer day. We can discuss it tomorrow.”
My eyes search his, and I hate that I can’t tell if he’s lying or not. I knew
Matt well enough to tell if he was trying to avoid a conversation or just me
in general. Ryat is harder to read.
Nodding, I say, “Sure.”
Leaning in, he gives my forehead a soft kiss. “I’ll get you a water.” He
pulls away and goes into the kitchen while I remove his T-shirt and
sweatpants before crawling into my cold sheets.
I am tired. I thought I was going to pass out at his cabin, but then the
events that followed woke me up really quick.
“Here you go,” Ryat says, entering the room with a glass of water for me.
“Thanks.” I take it from him and drink more than half of it, not realizing
how thirsty I was.
He takes it and sets it on my nightstand before crawling in bed next to
me. “Sweet dreams, Blake.” He kisses my forehead again, pulling my back
into his front.
My last thought is that we won’t be having that conversation in the
morning.
WITHIN MINUTES, I hear her softly snoring. The drug working fast. She
hasn’t eaten in hours. I slipped a sleeping pill into her water while in the
kitchen. I needed her out in order to leave without her asking questions. I
was tired of not being able to answer them. Not only because of the oath I
took, but also because I have no fucking clue what I’m going to be doing. I
didn’t trust to leave her at the house of Lords, so I had to get her back here
and asleep as soon as possible.
Pulling out from underneath her, she doesn’t even move. She’ll be pissed
at me when she wakes in the morning, but I’ll deal with that when I’m done
with my assignment.
Getting out of bed, I exit her room just as Gunner and Sarah walk
through the front door. “Give us a second,” he tells her, and she heads to her
room at the other end of the apartment.
“She’s out. Will be all night,” I tell him.
He nods once.
“I’ll let you know what’s going on as soon as I can.” He understood that I
wanted him and Sarah to stay here with her while I’m gone. I may not be
able to control what she does or where she goes while I’m working. I still
don’t want her up at the house of Lords even if Matt is away, so I needed to
give her a reason to stay away. Sarah being here is as good as I could come
up with in such a short time.
“Of course. Just be careful.” His eyes go to her closed bedroom door.
“And don’t worry about her. I’ll make sure nothing happens to her while
you’re gone.”
My cell vibrates in my pocket, and it’s a text from a blocked number.
Opening it up, I see it’s the address of the cathedral. Without saying
another word, I exit and head out.

THIRTY MINUTES LATER, I’m walking inside the double doors of the cathedral
tucked back in the woods. I look around to see I’m alone. But that victory is
short-lived when the doors creak open behind me, and Matt steps inside.
“It’ll be like old times.” He gives me a fucking grin when I turn to face
him.
“Try not to kill an innocent this time.” I make a jab at him. But instead of
taking offense, he just laughs.
The doors open, and we both turn to face the three men who enter. All
three wear black cloaks and white masks over their faces to hide their true
identity.
My pulse quickens, and my heart begins to race at the adrenaline
pumping through my veins. I forgot how much I’ve missed this. The action.
This is the part of the Lords that I love. I’m not going to pretend not to like
the violence. I love it.
“Gentlemen,” the one on the far right speaks.
Matt steps toward them.
All three raise guns at us. “Hands up,” one orders.
I raise mine as does Matt.
“Turn around. Lie on your stomachs with your hands behind your backs,”
the one in the middle demands.
Doing as I’m told, I smile to myself. Let the game begin.

Ryat.
I’M YANKED TO a stop and shoved into a chair where each wrist is pulled
down to my sides and cuffed to a back leg. My ankles are then also cuffed
to the front legs. The hood that’s been covering my face is ripped off, and I
suck in a breath of fresh air as I blink and look around.
We’re in a warehouse of some kind. A quick glance tells me it’s
underground. No windows, no doors. Just an elevator at the other end of the
large space. Concrete floors and walls.
I try to rock the chair from side to side to see how much it’ll take for me
to break it, but it’s no use. The bitch is cemented down to the damn floor. A
steel table sits in front of me that I bet is also cemented down.
“A little overkill,” I say, testing the cuffs themselves, but they’re the real
deal, cinched down tight. I know that Blake secretly likes these damn
things, and I don’t know why.
“Are these necessary?” Matt growls, secured to the chair next to me. The
chains to his restraints clank as he tries to break free as well.
After we were cuffed and the hood was placed over our heads, we were
dragged out of the cathedral and thrown into a vehicle of some kind.
The officer who stands to my right with his hands on his belt says
nothing. Another quick look around tells me that the three guys who picked
us up are nowhere to be seen. They were delivery boys and nothing else.
The elevator dings, getting our attention seconds before it slides open.
Gregory Mallory himself steps off it. I’ve never met him before. A ruthless,
powerful motherfucker who has a target on his back. The sorry bastard who
tried his shot, missed him. I’m guessing that’s why we’re here. He’s
followed by two other men. They look like they work for the FBI—threepiece black suits, sunglasses, and earpieces. But none of them resemble the
men I saw on the TV.
He pulls the only other seat out from across the table from us and sits
down. I notice his moves. Pulling a picture out of the pocket of his Tom
Ford Windsor suit jacket, he slams it down and slides it to the center of the
table in front of us. “Erik Bates. Remember the name, brand the fucking
face into your goddamn memory,” he orders.
I look down at it. The guy has jet-black hair, pale skin, and a face tattoo
of a fucking Chinese star on his cheek. Hard to forget. “Got it,” I say.
“Don’t fucking play, boy!” He shoots up from his chair, knocking it over
as his hand slaps me across the face so hard that if the chair I’m chained to
wasn’t cemented down, I’d be on my ass.
Taking in a deep breath, I glare up at him. “I said, I fucking got it.”
“I want his head!” He stabs the photo with his finger. “I want his fucking
balls! I want him in fucking pieces!” He slams his fisted hands on the table,
making it rattle.
“Anything else?” Matt asks sarcastically.
Gregory bares his teeth at Matt. “If you two do not get it done, I will
make sure you rot in a maximum-security prison for the rest of your
goddamn lives,” he warns.
Matt chuckles. “I like anal. What about you, Ryat?”
“As long as I’m the pitcher,” I say, playing along with whatever game
Matt is playing.
“Of course,” he adds. Then looks up at him. “I’m sure we can find
someone who will willingly be our bitch.”
Gregory reaches across the table, grabbing his shirt, and tries to pull him
toward him, but Matt doesn’t go far. When he realizes Matt’s cuffed to the
damn chair, he slams the side of his face into the table instead. “I’ll have
your fucking heads …”
The officer clears his throat, cutting him off. Gregory lets go and shoves
him back. Matt very slowly rolls his neck around. Then leans over and spits
some blood onto the concrete floor.
“Get it done!” With that, he turns and stomps over to the elevator, his two
merry men once again on his ass.
The officer removes the keys to the cuffs from his pocket and undoes my
wrists first, followed by my ankles. I stand and stretch as he goes to free
Matt.
“Don’t get too comfortable.” The man finally speaks and adds, informing
us, “They’re going right back on.”


BLAKELY.
I WAKE UP and groan, rolling over. My body hurts so much. My pussy feels
swollen and tender. I think it was from Ryat slapping it. But fuck, it felt
amazing at the time.
Grabbing my phone, I see it’s a little after ten in the morning. I had
gotten seven and a half more hours of sleep after he woke me up in my room
and kidnapped me. I get out of bed and make my way to the bathroom. I
never did clean myself up after we had sex last night. At that point, I just
didn’t fucking care.
After using the restroom and taking a nice hot shower, I exit the bedroom
to look for Ryat. “Hello?” I call out, walking down a long hallway. I gasp,
throwing my arms around my naked body when I step out into an open
room. It’s the living room.
Nothing but high ceilings with massive windows. The thought of someone
seeing me makes me jump back, using the hallway to shield my body. But
getting a better look outside, I see it’s nothing but woods.
“Ryat?” I ask, but only silence follows.
Going back into the bedroom, I grab the sheet that’s been shoved to the
end of the bed and wrap it around me. I walk over to the dark gray curtains
that hang from the ceiling and pull them back to showcase more woods on
the other side of the floor-to-ceiling windows. It’s beautiful out here. It has
two glass doors that open to a back porch. My hand wraps around the
doorhandle but I stop myself, needing to go find him first.
Walking back down the hallway, I look over the bare walls. The furniture
is black leather. No rugs, pictures, or artwork in the house whatsoever. If I
didn’t know Ryat owned it, I’d say that it’s vacant.
The kitchen is what any chef would call a dream—all stainless-steel
appliances, three ovens, two refrigerators, and one large walk-in freezer.
The pantry alone is as big as my bedroom at my apartment.
I start to walk up the stairs but pause, realizing I don’t have my cell on
me. Going back to the bedroom, I pick it up and call him.
“Hello?” he answers on the first ring.
“Where are you?” I ask, looking around the bedroom as if he’s going to
appear.
“I had to run to Barrington. I didn’t want to wake you.”
Oh. “How far is that from here?”
“Thirty minutes. I should be back in a couple of hours.”
“Okay. I’ll see you then.” We hang up, and I go into the kitchen and
make myself some coffee. I’m going to need it. I could seriously go back to
sleep right now.
Once it’s done, I open the sliding glass door and walk outside onto the
back patio and sit down in a chair. Looking around, I see that it wraps
around the whole back of the house. I bet it goes around the front too.
I look to the left, and you can see a gravel driveway from where I am. My
heart picks up when I see Ryat’s SUV parked in plain sight.
He’s here!
That’s what he drove me here in. It wasn’t his car or mine because he put
me in the back. I could tell by the amount of room I had.
My breathing becomes heavy as my cell dings, and I look down at it to
see I’ve received a picture message.
I open it up, and it’s of me a second ago while I was sitting down on the
porch with my coffee. It was taken from the tree line, but it’s from a private
number.
I set the coffee on the table. “Hello?” I call out.
The only sound I hear is the birds. My cell dings again, and I read the
message.
Come find me.
I place my phone by the coffee and walk down the stairs. My bare feet
feel the softness of the grass. Making my way down the path, I get closer to
the tree line. I look where it seems the picture was taken from, but no one is
there. “Hello?” I ask, circling back around to look at the house. “Ryat? I
know you’re here.” I smile, realizing why he brought me out here. We’re
going to live out my fantasy several times this weekend.
Someone stands on the back porch dressed in dark jeans and a black Tshirt, a white mask covering their face.
My heart rate accelerates as they take the first step. My mind tells me
that it’s Ryat, but my skin starts tingling because I can’t be a hundred
percent sure.
Second step, third step. Slowly, he makes his way down them. When his
boots hit the grass, he stops.
The hairs on the back of my neck stand up, feeling his stare. I grip the
sheet tighter around me, knowing I’m naked underneath it out in the open.
What if someone sees us? That thought has my pussy clenching.
He takes his first step toward me, and I turn, running away from him
farther into the trees. I look back over my shoulder, and he’s gone.
I stop, my heart pounding and panting from the short run. Turning my
head, I feel my hair slap me in the face. I reach up and push it off my face
when someone grips it from behind me.
I scream out, my scalp tingling from the action. He drags me backward,
and my hands come up to grip my hair, causing me to lose the sheet
completely, exposing my body.
He brings me to a stop and shoves me to the ground. I manage to roll
over onto my back as he drops to his knees, straddling me.
His hands wrap around my neck, and he squeezes, taking away my air
before I even have the chance to yell for help.
My hands dig into the ground while my hips lift, and I arch my back. My
pussy throbs as he spreads my legs wide for him. My bare feet kick the loose
dirt and tree limbs as I fight to breathe. My face throbs, and blood rushes in
my ears, but my pussy is wet and my nipples hard. Dots start to dance
around, blurring my vision.
He lets go, and I begin to cough as I suck in a shaky breath while he
unzips his jeans and pulls out his hard dick. He grips my legs, dragging me
closer to him, my back scraping against the uneven ground, and enters me
without any foreplay. I cry out before his hands are back around my throat,
taking my air away.
I lie in the middle of the woods while he fucks me with both hands
wrapped around my throat. The feel of branches and rocks under me,
scratching my naked body. I come, unable to make a single noise. This time,
those dots grow larger, my head pounds harder, and just as my eyes start to
roll into the back of my head, he lets out a feral growl, stiffening as he
comes inside me.
He pulls out just as my eyes close. Unable to open them, let alone breathe
now, I feel him lift me into his arms and carry my limp body back to the
house, knowing I now need a new shower.
My eyes spring open, and I sit up in my bed. I blink a few times, waiting
for my eyes to adjust to the dark room. I’m back at my apartment. Soft light
filters in from underneath my black curtains that Ryat had hung up over my
window.
Getting up, I make my way to the bathroom. After using the restroom, I
turn the sink on and splash my face. The dream of what we did at his cabin
has my body wide awake.
We did nothing but fuck all day Saturday and most of Sunday. Hell, he
even woke me up twice. I have never been so sore in my life. I’m pretty
sure I have a UTI, considering it burned when I went pee. Of course, that
could be due to the fact he fucked me in the middle of the woods. You
know, tree branches, dirt, and all of that probably wasn’t the best idea.
Turning the water off, I dry off my face and exit the bathroom. I go to
turn off the light but pause. It helps illuminate my bedroom, and I see that I
was alone in my bed.
That’s odd but not uncommon. He must be in my living room or the
kitchen. I swear the man never sleeps. He fucks me to the point I black out,
and whenever I wake up, he’s already awake.
Going over to my bed, I pick up a T-shirt and pull it on before opening
my bedroom door. I let out a shriek when I see Gunner standing in my
kitchen. My hands immediately going to my chest, forgetting I’m wearing a
shirt.
“What’s wrong?” Sarah asks, rushing out from down her hall.
“I scared her,” Gunner states, smiling. Enjoying himself.
I huff and agree. “It was unexpected.” Then giving a quick look around, I
frown when I don’t see who I was expecting. “Where’s Ryat?” I ask.
“He’s on an assignment,” Gunner answers.
I frown. “What do you mean an assignment?”
“I mean, he’s gone.”
“He just left?” I ask, trying to understand what he means. My mind is a
little slow this morning.
He nods. “Yep. He’ll return when he’s done.” With that, he goes to walk
out of the kitchen.
“Well, when will that be?” I demand.
He shrugs. “Don’t know. But don’t try to contact him. He won’t answer.”
What the fuck? He just up and left? No goodbye? No hey, I’ll see you
later? Nothing!
Storming into the kitchen, I go to get a drink because my tongue feels
like sandpaper, and I see a bottle of pills on the counter. Picking them up, I
read them over. They’re sleeping pills. My mom takes them. “Did he …?”
My voice trails off when I remember him grabbing me water last night. He
always gives me a bottle, but it had been in a cup. I didn’t even question it.
I’ve put too much trust in him.
“Gunner?” I snap.
“Yeah?” He reappears back into the kitchen.
I hold the bottle up. “Did Ryat know last night that he was leaving for an
assignment?”
He looks from me to Sarah, who crosses her arms over her chest and
arches a brow at him. Running a hand through his hair, he looks uneasy,
silently answering my question.
“Dammit,” I growl, throwing them across the room. They hit the wall and
shatter open. Fuck him!
Ryat.
I’M SHOVED INTO a chair with my hands cuffed behind my back and my
legs shackled.
The female officer looks down her nose at me and smirks. “Good luck,
pretty boy.” Laughing, she exits the room.
I was brought in here three hours ago. It took them that long to book me,
strip search me, and change me into my new orange jumpsuit. After our
meeting with Gregory, Matt and I were cuffed and placed in squad cars.
We’ve officially been arrested on bogus crimes and booked under fake
names. Come to find out, our target is in jail. Just our luck.
The door opens, and Gregory enters.
My eyes go to the right upper corner to see the red blinking light turn off
on the camera. He sits down across from me.
“Two times in the same night,” I say, wondering why I’m seeing him
again. Didn’t he say all he needed to say earlier in the warehouse?
Otherwise, why not just come speak to us here instead of before?
“I hear you’re the best, Ryat,” he says, leaning back in the seat.
“I wouldn’t believe everything you hear,” I counter.
He snorts. “Most of the best ones are the cockiest in their field.”
“What do you want?” I ask, getting to the point.
“I want to make sure you understand the situation.”
I tilt my head to the side, running my tongue along the front of my top
teeth. “I understand you want revenge on that sorry piece of shit for killing
your son.” I don’t blame him. The bastard who was going to take him out
killed his six-year-old son, Remy, instead. I can’t even fathom what this
man feels right now. I’m the type of man who would never trust my revenge
in someone else’s hands. I’d take them out myself. I’d want to see the life
drain out of their eyes as they choke on their own blood from my hands.
He looks up, checking to make sure the light is shut off as well before
leaning forward. “I gave the order to kill him. But the cops who found the
motherfucker arrested him and booked him instead.”
I frown. Matt and I weren’t given any details, so why is he telling me this
now? Especially since Matt isn’t present. They placed him in a separate
room from me after we were done being booked. “You think they’re on his
payroll?”
He sighs. “I’m not sure what the fuck to think.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
“I’ve got word that he’s in solitary confinement.”
“Why would they do that?” Gregory has put most of these men in their
cells. So, why would they hide his son’s killer? Most of these men would
praise him. Hiding him doesn’t make much sense. Especially if they went
against Gregory’s demand and arrested him when they were supposed to
shoot to kill. No questions asked. A dead man can’t defend himself sort of
speak.
“I’m not sure. The best I can think of is they know I’d send in someone
to finish the job they weren’t able to do.”
I nod in understanding. “Got it.”
He stands, getting what he wanted from me. “Once it’s done, you’ll be
released. You have my word. No one will know it ever happened.” Exiting
the room, a male police officer enters and helps me up.
He leads me down a hallway and into an open area. It’s two stories tall
with a guard station in the middle. Someone whistles, and I look over to see
a guy leaning up against the bars of his cell. He blows me a kiss.
I smirk as the officer brings me to a stop. He opens the cage, and I enter,
where he removes the cuffs and then locks me inside.
“About time.”
Turning around, I see Matt sitting on the top bunk. He jumps down.
“Where have you been?”
I ignore that. “Was this your plan? Get locked up with me in a little cell?”
He didn’t know any more than I did what the assignment would entail, but I
like giving him shit.
He shrugs. “If you’re here, you’re not there.”
Stepping forward, I say. “I may not be fucking her right now, but I will
the moment we’re out of here.”
“You son of a …”
I grip his head and slam it into the white brick wall to my left. Blood
instantly runs from his nose, covering the wall. I do it again. And again.
I hear the guards shouting from their station, and inmates start raising
their voices while I shove Matt to the floor and kick him in the face,
knocking it back and making blood fly.
The cell opens, and I’m tackled to the floor, where they cuff me once
again. I’m smiling when they haul me out of there, taking me to solitary
confinement. I’m not here to play roommates with Matt. I’m here to get a
job done and get back to Blake.
BLAKELY.
RYAT’S BEEN MIA for three days now. And every day that goes by without any
word from him just pisses me off even more.
Is this what people mean when they say they were ghosted? I mean, no
one just disappears. But it’s like poof, he’s gone. Almost like the
motherfucker never existed. I’m not sleeping at night. I can’t concentrate in
classes. It’s not because I miss him. It’s because I’m fucking pissed.
I spend every second of the day thinking about what I’ll say to him if I
ever see him again. And none of them are good.
“Hey?” Sarah enters my bedroom.
I look up at her from my bed. I have a serial killer documentary on. It’s
giving me ideas on what to do to him in his sleep if he ever returns. “Hey.” I
haven’t spoken to her much. She and Gunner are staying here, but I don’t
see them often. They’re too busy fucking most of the time in her room. I
know this because I can hear them.
“We’re going out for dinner. Want to come with us?” she asks.
“No thanks.” I’m not in the mood to eat anything.
She sighs. “Gunner says this is just part of being a Lord.”
“Noted.” I dismiss her, looking up at my TV.
“Blakely—”
“I’m not trying to be rude, but I want to be left alone,” I interrupt her.
Nodding, she turns and closes my door doing as I ask. Sinking farther
into the bed, I pick up my cell next to me. I pull up his contact and hover
over the number. The inner battle of wanting to say, “go fuck yourself” and
“please talk to me” are equally on my mind right now.
And of course, like the dumb bitch I am, I press call. “You’ve reached
Ryat …” I hang up and toss it across the room the moment his voicemail
picks up, letting out a scream. Obviously, he has no intention of having any
contact with the outside world, including me.
Rolling over onto my stomach, I shove my head into my pillow and
scream again, this time as loud as I can. I hate being ignored. It’s my
biggest pet peeve and what Matt would do the moment I asked a question
he didn’t want to answer.
Ryat.
I’VE NEVER REALLY cared for people, so the fact that I’ve been in
solitary confinement, AKA administrative segregation, for a five days now
doesn’t really bother me. But what does, is that I’m away from Blake.
I can’t even lie to myself. I’ve gotten used to being around her all the
time. And the sex, fuck, I’m craving her scent, her touch, and her sweet
fucking body.
I’m in a six-by-nine concrete block with no window for twenty-three
hours a day. I don’t even have bars for a door. It’s steel with a slot that they
give me my meals through. This is the one time in my life I wished I was
the type of guy who required a lot of sleep—so I could at least sleep
through the night. But nope, I’m up for most of it.
I was told once that when men find themselves in situations like me, they
write novels in their heads. Or work out mathematical problems or sing
songs to keep themselves occupied to help pass the time. Those that are
held here for long periods of time can start to hallucinate.
Me? I’m spending every second of every day remembering my weekend
at the cabin with Blake.
“Smith!”
I sit up and watch the door open. The guard that I know by the name of
Henry enters. Shackles hang from his fists. “Shower time.” He smirks at
me.
BLAKELY.
I’M LYING IN bed, something I seem to do nonstop. If I’m not in a class, this
is where I am, watching TV by myself. Gunner and Sarah are at a party
tonight at the house of Lords. She invited me, but I told her no thanks. I’d
much rather get drunk alone in my bed, wearing nothing but a T-shirt.
Instead of having to get all made up and pretend I like people right now.
Ryat has me hating the world. It’s now been six days since he left. And
still no fucking contact whatsoever.
But whatever, I tell myself I’m over it. Eventually, I’ll start to believe it.
I hear a sound coming from the other side of my bedroom door and mute
my TV. “Sarah?” I call out.
A quick look at my cell shows me it’s not even midnight yet. There’s no
way they are back. Shrugging, I turn the sound back on when my door
opens.
I stare at a set of emerald eyes that I haven’t seen in almost a week. Ryat
stands there, dressed in the same clothes he was wearing when I saw him
last. He’s got a cut above his eye, covered in dried blood. A busted bottom
lip and cracked knuckles.
My eyes narrow on him when my heart starts to race. I hate that I care
how he looks. The fact that he’s been in a fight has me wanting to ask a
million questions, but I know he won’t answer a single one of them.
Entering my room, he shuts the door behind him. “I’m taking a shower,”
he announces and walks into my bathroom.
“What the …?” I trail off and jump up from my bed, storming into my
bathroom.
He’s leaning inside my shower, turning on the water. “Get the fuck out of
my apartment,” I order.
Instead of doing what I say, he reaches up and removes his T-shirt
exposing his chest to me. My eyes fall to the bruise over his ribs. Looks like
a fucking boot. Jesus, what the fuck has he been doing?
Giving me his back, he undoes his jeans and shoves them down his legs
along with his boxer briefs. He’s got more bruises on his legs and back. I
swallow nervously and go to step toward him, but he opens the shower door
again and steps in.
Going under the sprayer, he places his hands flat on the wall and lowers
his head. I watch his stomach suck in while he breathes deeply, making his
ribs more prominent. He looks like he’s in pain.
Making up my mind, knowing I’ll probably regret this later, I remove my
shirt and underwear, stepping inside.
I place my hands on his back, and he stiffens under my touch. “You
okay?” I ask softly, knowing it’s a stupid question but needing him to
reassure me that he is.
Instead, he turns around to face me and stumbles into me. I catch him,
but his knees give out, and I’m not strong enough to hold him. I fall to the
shower floor with him, and he leans his head against the wall, closing his
eyes. “I’m so tired,” he mumbles.
The water from the showerhead above beats down on us, making me
blink rapidly.
“What happened to you?” I ask, shoving my wet hair off my face and
pulling my head away so I’m not directly under the water.
His head falls to the right, and he opens his heavy eyes, meeting mine.
“It’s nothing. I just need some sleep.”
My teeth grind at his lie. He’s obviously had the shit beat out of him.
He’s been gone for almost a week. Did he even get any sleep? “Ryat …?”
“I’m fine, Blake.” He pats my thigh. “I just want to clean up and go to
bed.”
Letting out a deep breath, I nod. “Okay.”
Ryat.
SOMETHING HARD HITS me in the back, knocking the wind out of me.
I’m shoved to my knees, and my face is held down to the wet shower floor.
My head to the side, I stare into a dead set of brown eyes. The Chinese star
tattoo on his face.
Erik Bates.
Gotcha!
I killed the motherfucker! Took me a several days in solitary confinement,
but I only needed one shot, and I just took it. I’m not stupid. Someone set
this up and made sure that I was in here at the same time as him. I didn’t
even have a chance to get undressed. The moment I saw him, I took the
opportunity.
I’m jerked to my feet and dragged out of the showers, down the hallway,
and back to my cell. The shackle around my waist is unlocked, but they
leave my hands cuffed in front of me. My door is opened, and I’m pushed
into it. The door shuts behind me and locks. Looking up, I see a man sitting
on my bed who I don’t recognize.
Arching a brow, I ask, “Since when do they assign roommates in solitary
confinement?”
He reaches up under my pillow and pulls out a short knife that wasn’t
there before. “It’s amazing what they allow us to do when they need us to
take care of something.”
I don’t miss the fact that the guards threw me in here still cuffed. This is a
setup. Just like the one where I killed fuckface! “Who sent you?” I ask. It
wasn’t Gregory. I did what I signed up for. If he turned on me, he would be
terminated.
The man smirks, showing off his ugly brown teeth. He’s been in jail for a
while. Probably a lifer. “Let’s just say a friend wants me to send you a
message.”
“Friend?”
He stands, and I take a step back, but there’s nowhere for me to go in this
concrete box. “I don’t know what you did, but he wants you to suffer.”
Fucking Matt! It has to be him. I beat him up and left him in our cell.
He’s obviously been making friends while I’ve been in here alone. Good for
him. The corner of my lips pulls back into a smirk when I confess. “I fucked
his girl.”
His chuckles softly. “That’ll do it.” Lifting the knife, he looks over it.
Pretty sure if he cuts me with it, I’ll need a tetanus shot afterward due to
how discolored it is. I’m definitely not the first person it’s going to be used
on. “Was the pussy worth it?” His eyes meet mine.
“Absolutely!”
He charges me, knocking my back into the steel door. He lowers the knife
to my side, and I manage to dodge it, but his free hand lands a hit to my
ribs, taking my breath away. He takes a step back from me, and I double
over.
“Sounds like I should try it out.” He laughs while I cough. “He did offer
me a piece of it once I finish with you.” I glare up at him. “Brunette? Blue
eyes? I didn’t catch her name. That’s not important anyway. She’ll be my
bitch …”
I run at him, hunched over, and my shoulder hits his abdomen, shoving
his back into the opposite wall. The small space didn’t allow me that much
momentum, but it’s all I got. The knife clanks to the ground, and I go to hit
him, but the handcuffs make it hard. I’m going to have to get him to the
floor.
His fist connects with my chest, and my knees buckle, knocking me to the
floor. Trying to regain my strength, I hear him laughing as he stands above
me. “He said that she’s got some nice tits too.”
I catch sight of the knife next to me. Grabbing it, I shove it into the top of
his foot. “She does.”
He throws his head back, screaming, and I stand, kneeing him in the
stomach. He doubles over, and I shove him to the floor. Face down. I
straddle his back and wrap my cuffed hands around his neck, pulling back,
cutting off his air.
The sounds of him gurgling while struggling with me fill my cell. But I
don’t let up. Not until this son of a bitch is dead because I sure as shit am
not letting anyone near her. She’s mine. I’ll have to remind Matt of that.
His body grows weak, and it doesn’t take long for it to sag against the
floor. I’m still hanging on for dear life, the tight cuffs pinching my skin,
when I hear the door creak open.
Looking up, I see Gregory enter my cell. “What the fuck?” he asks, his
wide eyes on the guy I’m sitting on top of.
“Is he dead?” I grind out.
Kneeling next to him, he presses his fingers on his neck. “Yeah,” he
answers.
I let go and roll off him to my side, letting out a long breath. “Who’s
next?” I ask jokingly, but he doesn’t laugh. Then my heavy eyes fall shut.
Waking up, it takes my eyes a second to focus on Blakely sleeping next
to me. Reaching out, I run my hand through her dark hair fanning her
pillow.
Fucking Matt tried to kill me while we were locked away. That can’t go
unpunished. There are a lot of things I can overlook, but that sure as shit
isn’t one of them. He’ll pay for that. And I know the best revenge. She’s
lying right in front of me.
I push the covers down and off her back, seeing she’s naked. I wanted to
fuck her so bad the moment I got back, but my body just wasn’t having it. I
could barely shower, let alone dominate her, but I feel better now.
Recharged. The light that filters into her room tells me it’s early morning.
It’s also a Sunday, meaning I have all day with her.
Running my hand down her back, I slide it over her bubble ass before
giving it a little slap. She shifts, letting out a moan.
I scoot closer to her, my hand sliding between her legs to find her cunt.
She goes to roll onto her back, but I use my free hand and push her onto her
stomach. “Ryat?” she whispers.
Pressing my lips to her back, I gently kiss her soft skin while I spread her
pussy lips with my other hand. I push a finger into her, and she’s not even
close to where I want her to be.
I kiss my way up to her neck, where I bite into her skin, making her
shiver.
“Ryat?” she speaks, sounding much more alert.
“Wake up, little one,” I whisper, my finger entering her again.
“What?” She goes to roll over, but I shove her onto her stomach
completely. “Ryat!” she snaps, making me smile. “I’m so pissed at you.”
“Good.” I remove my hands from her legs and sit between them,
spreading them wide with my knees.
She gets up on her hands, and I reach around, grabbing them and pulling
them behind her back, gripping them in one hand. I slap her ass with the
other while her face falls down into her pillow.
“Fuck you, Ryat,” she hisses, her body fighting under mine.
I chuckle. “I’m going to.” My hand goes back between her legs, and I
smile that she’s getting wetter. “You missed me.”
“I hate you,” she growls.
“I can live with that.” I enter a second finger, and she makes a noise
between a growl and whimper, her body rocking back and forth. “That’s it,
Blake. Ride my fingers like a good little slut. Show me how much you want
to be fucked.”
Her back arches more at my words, and her pussy just gets wetter.
Thinking about the guy in my cell makes me angry. The fact that Matt
offered her to the man in exchange for getting rid of me, puts me on edge.
How many will he send after me in order to get to her?
That someone else would get to fuck what’s mine. My cock is the only
one that’s ever been here. And it’s going to stay that way.
Removing my fingers, she sags against the bed. I grab my cock and push
it inside her, not wanting to play any longer. I want to fuck! “This is my
cunt!” I tell her.
“Uh-huh.” She moans and agrees. “Yours.”
I pull out and slam into her, forcing a cry from her lips. “Remember that,
Blake.” I do it again. “Don’t ever forget who owns you.”
“Never.” She cries.
Thankfully, I have plenty of time to remind her in case she forgets any of
that.

I STAND IN the kitchen eating some yogurt in nothing but a towel wrapped
around my hips. “We have a ceremony next weekend,” I say loudly so
Blakely can hear me from her room.
She pokes her head out of the open door. I can tell she’s still mad at me
but curious at the same time. “Ceremony? Another one?” She arches a
brow. “At the cathedral?”
“No.” I shake my head. “This one is at the house of Lords.”
Stepping out of her room completely, she adjusts the towel underneath
her underarms, giving me a quick peek of her tits. I came all over them
about an hour ago before we showered for the third time since I’ve returned
last night. “What is it for?”
“It’s to show you off,” I say truthfully.
She bites her bottom lip nervously, dropping her eyes to stare at her bare
feet. “Do I have to … do anything?”
She means sexually. “Just be mine,” I say simply.
Nodding, she turns and goes back into her room.
I take another bite of the yogurt as I hear a key in the front door of her
apartment. Then it opens seconds later. I expect it to be Sarah and Gunner,
but a bleach-blond enters instead. Her green eyes find me instantly. They
drop to the towel that sits low on my hips, not leaving much to the
imagination. They slowly run up over my V, pausing on my abs and then
rising to my chest. When they meet mine, hers narrow like I’m the one in
the wrong here. “Who the fuck are you?” she demands.
I take another bite of the yogurt. “Who the fuck are you?” I ask, although
I already know.
“What should I wear …?” Blakely trails off, exiting her bedroom. Her
wide eyes go to the woman. “Mom?” she shrieks. “What are you doing
here?”
“Blakely,” she hisses when her eyes go to her daughter. They pause on
the bite marks and hickeys that dot her neck and run down over her arms.
Then drop to her legs. I’ve left marks all over my girl. “What in the fuck is
going on here?”
Blakley looks at me, mouth hanging open and eyes still the size of
quarters. I finish off my yogurt, then throw it in the trash. Walking past her
mother, I go over to Blake. Cupping her face, I lean down and gently kiss
her forehead. “Don’t take long.” Then I walk into the bedroom, shutting the
door behind me.
BLAKELY.
“MOM,” I GASP. “What are you doing here?” I ask, blinking. The fact that Ryat
kissed me on the forehead brought me out of my trance.
“Looks like I got here just in time!” she snaps, placing her hands on her
hips. “Who the fuck was that, and what have you been doing with him?”
I roll my eyes. “That’s none of your business—”
Her rough laugh interrupts me. “I pay for this apartment and this college,
young lady. Everything you do is my business. And I’ve been calling you.
Is this why you haven’t been answering? Because you’ve been with him?”
I frown. “I haven’t had any calls from you.”
“Like I believe that.” She snorts. “Where the fuck is Matt?” Her dark
green eyes search the apartment as if I have him hidden somewhere. That
I’ve been shacked up in this apartment having a fuck fest with both him and
Ryat.
I fist my hands. “We’re not together anymore. I told you I dumped him.
He was cheating on me.” My voice rises.
“And I told you that you will still marry him!” she snaps.
I throw my hands up. “You know what, I’m not doing this.” After Ryat
disappearing and then showing back up nearly beaten to death and acting
like nothing happened. To him waking me up and fucking me all morning,
I’m still pissed. At him, at her, and at myself for allowing all of this to go
on. “You can’t force me to be with him. I won’t do it.” I just need to make it
to his graduation. Then I’ll run. I can save enough money by then to get
away without them knowing. I’ll just pull out a little cash every day, so I
won’t be forced to use my card and leave a trail.
“What? You think that guy in there is better than Matt?” she demands,
pointing at my closed bedroom door. “He doesn’t love you.”
I flinch at her words. Even though I know they’re true, I hate that she
acts like no one ever could. She makes it sound like Matt is my best option,
and I should just settle for that. “Don’t worry, Mom. I won’t be bringing
him home for the holidays. It’s just sex.”
She slaps me across the face, making me gasp in shock.
“You little ungrateful bitch …”
I hear the bedroom door open behind me, and my mother takes a step
back when Ryat storms out of it. He wraps his hand around her throat,
slamming her back into the wall. “Never touch her again!” Yanking her
from the wall, he shoves her back into it once again, making a picture of
Sarah and me fall off the wall beside her, and the glass shatters on the floor
next to them. Stepping into her, he asks, “Do you understand?”
She nods the best she can, her hands gripping his forearm with wide
eyes. He’s cutting off her air.
“Blake isn’t going to answer your calls or return your texts. So quit
fucking trying.” He lets go of her. “Now get the fuck out,” he commands as
she rubs her neck.
“I don’t take orders …”
He grabs her hair, and she screams out as he drags her across the room to
the front door. Opening it, he shoves her out into the hall. “You son of a …”
“Don’t fucking come back!” Then he slams the door in her face and
proceeds to lock it. “I’ll have the locks changed today.”
I stay where I’m at, my hand pressed to my throbbing cheek and tears
stinging my eyes. He turns to walk back over to me. “You okay?” he asks,
cupping my chin and forcing me to look up at him.
“Yeah,” I lie, shamed and embarrassed at what she did. My mother has
never hit me before. I wish I knew what her obsession with Matt was.
“You sure?” His emerald eyes search mine before dropping to my
reddening face.
I nod, looking away from him, and whisper, “Thank you.”
Stepping into me, he gently forces me to look up at him once again. I
can’t tell through the tears that I refuse to let fall, but he looks concerned.
“You don’t need her, Blake. Not when you’ve got me.” Then leaning
forward, he kisses my forehead before pulling me into the bedroom to start
round four.
I hate to think of it, but it’s obvious he returned just in time.

I’M WALKING DOWN the hallway with Sarah at Barrington Monday morning
when I ask, “Have you messaged me lately?”
She frowns. “Not since the other weekend. Why?”
I haven’t received any from her, but she’s also been staying at the
apartment. Except for Saturday night. She and Gunner never did return after
they left for the house of Lords party. Something tells me Gunner knew
Ryat was back and wanted to leave us alone. “Well, my mother showed up
at our apartment yesterday morning ….”
“She what?” she shrieks. “What did she want?”
“Well, that’s the thing. She said she’s been calling and texting me, but I
haven’t received any. And I know you had said that you were texting me
when Ryat and I were at the cabin, and I wasn’t answering.”
She nods. “I blew up your phone and nothing.”
I adjust the books in my hand. “That’s odd … right?”
She shrugs. “I call it a blessing. Well, not the fact that my calls didn’t go
through, but definitely regarding your mother’s.”
“But shouldn’t your text have come through once I got service?” I ask,
thinking out loud.
“Maybe. I guess it depends on how long you went without it. You were
gone all weekend.”
“But …” It did work. I spoke to Ryat while I was there. I had called him
and then received that text from him. Had it been dead when I plugged it in
that night? I can’t remember. When I’m with Ryat, he demands all of my
attention. “Will you call it now?” I ask her.
“Sure.” We come to a stop, and she digs her cell out of her back pocket.
She goes to her recent calls and presses call on my number. Mine starts
ringing immediately.
“Hmm.” I decline the call.
“See, like I said. It’s a blessing that you’re missing her calls,” she jokes.
“Guess so,” I add skeptically. It just seems odd.
“So, what else did she have to say?” she goes on.
“A lot. She walked in on Ryat and me both in towels fresh out of the
shower.”
She throws her head back, laughing. “That’s fucking gold. Wish I was
there to see it. What all did she have to say about that?”
“She went off on me. Said I was still marrying Matt …” I trail off, not
wanting to tell her that my mother slapped me. It was embarrassing enough
that Ryat was there.
“God, she’s such a bitch.” She sighs. Turning to fully face me, she smiles
softly. “I’m glad you have Ryat. No matter the situation you have with him,
he’s way better for you than dick face. I mean,” she goes on. “The guy has
barely left you alone since the vow ceremony. Unless the Lords demanded
his attention. You know for a fact that guy isn’t out there fucking around on
you, and that’s more than Matt’s ever done for you.”
She’s not wrong about him not ignoring me as Matt has done in the past,
but that doesn’t mean that Ryat isn’t fucking other women, right? Can I
even call it cheating if he has been? I mean, this isn’t a relationship per se.
It’s more of an understanding. I’m his and he’s … mine? Then I get a new
thought. What if the Lords had him shack up with someone else for his
assignment? He has spent every second with me, so it wouldn’t be
farfetched to think they had him do the same with someone else, right?
Jealousy slithers up my back and makes my blood start to boil. Even
though I have no right to call him mine, the thought of him touching
someone else still infuriates me. I swallow down the bile that wants to rise
at that thought.
“How are you and Gunner?” I ask, changing the subject. Trying to tell
myself that it doesn’t matter. I don’t love him, and he’ll never tell me
anything regarding the Lords.
“God, girl …” She licks her lips, and we start to walk again. “So fucking
good.”
I laugh. “Sex that good, huh?” I had to listen to them fuck like rabbits
while they stayed at the apartment last week when Ryat was gone.
“Absolutely. The man knows what he’s doing.” We come up to the door
for our class and stop. “Last night, he literally choked me out.”
My eyes widen. “Like during sex?” That’s what Ryat practically did to
me when we were out in the woods.
She nods. “He’s got this obsession with breath play.”
Breath play? Is it some kind of kink?
“One hundred percent hot as fuck. I came so hard before I passed the
fuck out.” With that, she opens the door to enter class.
“Blake?” I hear my name being called. Without having to look, I know
who it is.
“I’ll be right there,” I inform Sarah.
Turning around, I see Ryat coming toward me, pocketing his cell phone.
He’s dressed in a pair of jeans, a plain white T-shirt, and a backward
baseball hat. No man should look that good dressed so casually. I hate that
I’m mad at him and want to fuck him at the same time.
“What’s up?” I ask, crossing my arms over my chest. What if this is all
some big game that I’m playing with them? I know he chose me because of
Matt, but what if Matt told him to choose me? What if this is their way to
fuck with me? He’s been too understanding of what I want. At the time, I
thought he really seemed to care, but what if that’s not the case? Then he
just up and leaves me without any explanation. And returns like it never
happened.
“I’ll be gone tonight.”
Every thought that I just had about him not fucking someone else is
shattered with those four words. Did I really think I was the only one? He’s
a fucking Lord. I was told they can do whatever they want—their oath tells
them that. “Of course.” I snort, making him frown. “Let me guess, the
Lords?”
“No. It’s personal.”
Okay, I’ll bite and be a nosy bitch. “Where are you going?”
“Something has come up,” he answers vaguely.
How have I not seen this? How many times has he blown off my
questions? Or something mysteriously comes up? I bet it’s another woman.
Good thing I don’t love him. I won’t be that dumb bitch who believes
everything a guy tells me because I want him to be someone he’s not. I hate
how much my mother was right.
“Okay.” I reach out to open the door, but he steps in front of me, blocking
it. “Ryat—”
“What’s wrong?” he interrupts me, searching my face.
“Nothing,” I lie.
He sighs heavily. “Don’t let your mother get to you, Blake.”
I refrain from snorting. Of course, he thinks it’s related to her. My mother
may be a bitch, but she’s never made me think she was someone else. He’s
the joke. The liar. And I’m the dummy who never questioned it. Instead of
correcting him, I nod. “I’ll get over it.”
He steps out of my way and opens the door for me. “I’ll see you in the
morning.”
Without responding to that, I walk into class and up to my seat next to
Sarah. She’s typing away on her cell. I pull mine out of my pocket and pull
up breath play. By doing some research, I hope it gets shit off my mind.
Ryat.
I WALK INTO the office in downtown Dallas with my lawyer behind me
and look around the abandoned space. No one is here this late. It’s after
midnight. This is an off-the-books meeting, just like when I was here last
time.
Making our way down the long hallway, I hear laughter coming from the
back office. Pushing the door open, I step inside to find my father and
another man I have come to know well.
“Ryat.” He stands. “Glad you can join us …” He trails off as he sees the
man enter behind me.
“Garrett,” my father states, acknowledging our lawyer also standing.
“Mr. Archer.” He nods, holding his briefcase in his hand.
I fall down into a high-back chair next to my father. “I’m the one who
called this meeting.” It’s time to iron some shit out. Make sure people
understand what I want and that I’m going to get it.
Phil sits back in his chair and sighs.
My father arches a brow at me. “Why are we here, Ryat?” Then he looks
at our family attorney that we’ve had since before I was born.
I had already made up my mind after Matt fucked me over while we were
in jail. But Blake’s mother’s stunt solidified my thoughts on what needed to
be done.
“I’m guessing it’s because of my wife. She’s had plenty to say about you
today.” Phil Anderson relaxes in his seat. “Said you put your hands on her
—choked her and threw her out of the apartment.”
“I did. After she slapped your daughter.”
His jaw sharpens, slapping his hand on the desk. “She didn’t mention that
part.”
“Why am I not surprised?” I grunt. That bitch will never touch Blake
again. “I’m here to make an offer,” I say, getting to business, raising my
hand to Garrett.
Silence falls over the room. The last time I was in New York, my father
asked me how much I’d pay to beat out Matt. I never gave him a definitive
answer because I wasn’t quite sure. Now I am.
Garrett places the briefcase on Phil’s desk and opens it up, pulling out a
set of papers.
Mr. Anderson puts his glasses on and reads over it. “I don’t understand
—”
“Five hundred thousand.” I interrupt him, so he doesn’t have to search
for it.
He clears his throat, pulling his glasses off, and looking at me. “The
Winstons …”
“Fuck the Winstons,” I snap. There is no signed contract that states Blake
has to marry Matt. I know, I did my homework to make sure. “I want her.”
He already handed her to me once, ordering I make her my chosen one. I
didn’t think this would be difficult, but I came prepared just in case.
He tilts his head to the side. “For how long exactly?”
“Garrett,” I order, and he pulls out another set of papers and lays them on
the man’s desk.
Placing his glasses back on his face, Mr. Anderson picks them up and
starts reading them over as well.
“Marriage,” I say simply.
My father doesn’t interject, which means he’s given this some thought
and isn’t going to fight me on this. But I don’t think he understands what
this means. It’s not a temporary fix. I will marry Blake, and she will be my
wife—forever. I will not be marrying Cindy
Phil looks up at me through his dark lashes. “And the agreement with …”
“Did you sign an agreement with the Winston’s?” I ask, already knowing
the answer.
“Of course not.” He snorts. “That was my wife’s doing.”
Exactly. “It’s just a verbal agreement.” I shrug. “Not like he can sue you
over it. And if it was that important to you, you wouldn’t have forced my
hand to pick her as my chosen in the first place.”
He looks away from me and stares down at a picture of Blakely that sits
on his desk. Picking it up, he takes in a deep breath.
I sit up straighter, placing my elbows on my knees. “The Winstons’
empire is crumbling. Kimberly—Matt’s mother—went to your wife trying
to strike a deal.” But none of us know what the deal was exactly. “They
came to the Andersons hoping to forge your legacy with theirs. To save it.
Not the other way around.” Matt’s father wants to fly on the back of
Blakely’s family. Marrying her, he gets to help run this business. One day
her father will retire, and Matt will take over a hundred percent, making
sure to keep the Winstons a part of the one percent. “I don’t want your
company,” I add. “Whatever you decide to leave her when you’re dead is
hers. I just want Blakely.” I’m not sure what she would do with her father’s
company. She’s an only child, so I’m guessing she’d sell it. As far as I
know, she’s never worked for him before.
“A prenup?” he asks, wanting to make sure that’s all in writing.
I laugh. “There will be no prenup.” That implies our marriage is going to
fail and that’s just not going to happen. “But I do have a contract …” I snap
my fingers at Garrett, and he removes it from his briefcase as well. “These
papers state that.” I also made sure to leave out the part where she can fuck
whoever she wants like I told my father to add to mine with Cindy. Blakely
will only ever fuck and suck my cock.
“It took her a long time to accept her marriage to Matt. How would you
convince her to marry you?” her father asks.
“She’ll accept it. I have no doubt.” I stand, ready to get this over with.
Blakely has no clue that I had to make a quick trip to Texas. I had to fly to
New York today to meet with Garrett to get everything in order and the
papers drawn up, then we had to fly here for this meeting. I wanted to come
to her father, not the other way around.
I had checked the cameras in her apartment on the way here, and she was
passed out in her bed. “I’ve already had everything drawn up, as you can
see.” Garrett removes a pen from his suit jacket. “All you have to do is sign.
If you agree, of course. If not, we can discuss whatever you have questions
about.” I’m straightforward in the contracts with what I want and how I
want it—just her. “Once you sign them, I’ll wire the money to your
account.”
He nods, accepting the fate of his only daughter. She will be my wife. I’ll
fuck over anyone in my way. “How far out will this wedding be?”
“As soon as possible,” I answer honestly.
“But you’re both in college …”
“Why is that a problem?” I ask, tilting my head to the side. Lots of
people get married before and during college. She doesn’t need to attend
Barrington after I graduate this year. She doesn’t need the degree, and she
sure as shit won’t be working. I will be the sole provider for our family.
Blakely will depend on me for everything, and I will give the woman
whatever the fuck she wants.
“It just seems quick.” He shrugs.
“Well, I’m sure if your wife had it her way, Blakely would already be
married off to Matt,” I growl.
He sighs heavily as if he believes that as well. Mr. Anderson starts to read
over the contracts once again as my father speaks up. “If this is what you
want …”
“It is,” I say firmly.
Her father stands and adjusts his suit jacket. “Do you love her?” he asks.
I’ve thought about this a million times since I found myself in a jail cell
left with just my thoughts. And every time, I came up with the same answer.
No!
They say love is patient and kind. I’m not either one of those things when
it comes to Blakely. I’m controlling, possessive, and madly jealous. Which
can only mean one thing—I’m obsessed with her! To the point I want to
hide her from the world. I don’t want another man looking at her, let alone
talking to her. Matt helped me understand that.
So, instead of lying to my future father-in-law, I ask, “Did you love
Valerie when you married her?”
He places his hands on his hips and lets out a sigh. I know he had an
arranged marriage. Blakely doesn’t know that, but I do. “I learned to love
her over time,” he finally answers.
Stepping up to his desk, I place my palms flat on it and lean over. “I
promise you, Mr. Anderson, Blakely will be in good hands. I don’t need to
love her to promise that I’ll protect her. And that’s more than Matt would
do.”
He nods to himself a few times. “You’re right. But …” He pauses. “I
don’t want the money. I’ll sign everything. She’ll be yours. But I won’t take
a cent from you for her. If she chooses to marry you, then she’s yours.”
I smile. Oh, she’ll choose me all right. “Mighty noble of you.”
“I won’t be like Valerie.” He shakes his head. Reaching out his right hand
to me, he adds, “Welcome to the family, son.”
BLAKELY.
I’M STANDING IN my bathroom, lining my lips, when I see the door open and
Ryat enter. I say nothing to him and look back at myself in the mirror. I’m
running late as it is. I slept through my alarms. My body was so exhausted
that I actually managed to sleep through my anger for him.
I was going to skip my shower but realized I needed to wash my hair, so
that put me an extra twenty minutes behind schedule.
He comes up behind me, his eyes dropping to the towel wrapped around
my body. Reaching out, he yanks it off me.
“I don’t have time,” I inform him, pulling away. “I’m late.”
“So?” He arches a brow, smacking my ass and making me jump.
“So, I can’t miss classes!” My mom is already pissed that I’m not
screwing Matt. She’ll have a cow if she found out I’m skipping classes
because of Ryat.
“Fuck Barrington.” He grips my hips and pulls them from the counter.
“Ryat …” He reaches up and grabs a handful of my hair, making me hiss
in a breath.
His eyes meet mine in the mirror, and his voice drops to a deep growl.
“Bend over and spread your fucking legs, Blake.”
My heart starts to race, my body temperature rising. I want to tell him to
go to hell. Or back to whoever he spent the night with. But the way his
emerald eyes are glowing, I don’t. Maybe I’m overthinking things. Maybe
he wasn’t with someone else last night. If he was, why would he still want
me? It’s not like he only jumps on me when Matt is around. We actually
never see him.
“Blake,” he warns, pulling me out of my own thoughts.
He lets up on my hair, and I bend over the counter, spreading my legs
wide just like he ordered me to do. The cold surface of the counter makes
me shiver as he runs his hand between my legs.
When he thrusts a finger in me, I rise to my tiptoes, whimpering. Then he
pulls it out, and I hear him undoing his belt, followed by his zipper. His way
of inspection, letting him know I’m wet enough. Then the head of his dick
is pushing its way into me.
I’m panting. My palms are on the countertop next to my head while my
hips are shoved into the side.
He doesn’t waste a second. The sound of my heavy breathing fills the
room while he fucks me. I blow my hair out of my face the best I can,
knowing I’ll have to redo my makeup when he grips my hair and yanks me
to stand.
I cry out, staring at him in the mirror as he lowers his lips to my ear, his
eyes on mine. “Marry me.”
I want to laugh, but his cock is hitting just the right spot, so instead, I just
stare at him with heavy eyes while breathing ragged.
He runs his nose along my neck and bites into my collarbone while his
free hand runs up my body, scorching my skin. He massages my breast and
then slides his hand over my neck. I swallow nervously. Thoughts of what I
found while searching breath play enters my mind. I lick my lips,
wondering what it’d be like for him to take it away again.
As if he can read my mind, his hand then comes up, and he places it over
my mouth. I whimper, my pussy tightening around him. I suck in a deep
breath through my nose, wishing he would take that away from me too.
Why? Why do I want to be treated like nothing? I wish I could explain
how much my body craves to be dominated. How much my mind dreams
about it.
“Marry me, Blake,” he says again and then pinches off my nose, taking it
away as well.
My eyes find his again in the mirror while my ears pop and my body
convulses. His hand suctions to my face as I try to suck in a breath through
my mouth.
He picks up his pace, slamming the front of my body into the counter,
knowing it’ll bruise. My knees bang against the cabinets.
My hands come up to grip his arm, but he doesn’t budge. My lungs begin
to burn, my eyes water. He continues to fuck me, his eyes on mine in the
mirror while I begin to go into panic mode, but my body reacts as that
sensation builds.
I try to pry his hand from my face, but he lets go of my hair with his free
hand and slides his arm between the crook of my arms and my back,
pinning them in place, and whispers, “You can breathe after you come for
me.”
My heart races, and tears fall from my eyes, but a wave is coming. It’s
going to pull me down so deep I won’t be able to break the surface.
The room is spinning, and my eyes fall shut just as the dam breaks and
that wave takes me under. Just like I knew it would.
*
Continue in part 2!
