Ryat.
I REMOVE MY hand from her mouth and nose just as her eyes close. She
sucks in a shaky breath when I pull out of her, and I pick her trembling
body up and carry her to the bedroom. Laying her down, I sit between her
parted legs. Her eyes are open but looking around aimlessly, trying to get
her bearings back.
Three years having to abstain from sex while watching others have it
fucks with your mind. I’ve read up on every kink and fetish you can think
of. Plus, the longer you have to withhold, the dirtier your imagination has to
get in order to get off. Erotic asphyxiation can be very dangerous. Some
prefer to pass out completely. Others just like their air supply cut off for a
few seconds. And then some like the physical aspect of being choked. The
total submission is what turns them on.
“You’re so beautiful, Blake.” I lean down and kiss her cheek, tasting her
tears. Sitting back up, I push my hard cock into her soaked cunt, making her
trembling body flinch.
I watch her as my hips set a slow and steady rhythm, giving her a chance
to catch her breath. Blue eyes start to focus a little more as they land on
mine. She reaches up, wrapping her arms around my neck to pull my body
down to hers.
Tilting her head to the side, I dot kisses on her slick neck. “Ready?” I ask
her.
“Yeah,” she answers breathlessly.
“Take a deep breath,” I order. She does as she’s told, and I slap my hand
over her mouth again. I can’t pinch her nose because of the position of my
hand, but I make sure my palm covers it as well. My hips pick up their
pace. Our bodies slap while her nails dig into my back, making me hiss in a
breath when I feel them cut my skin.
She arches her back and neck while my body continues to pin her down.
I feel the heat from her breath as she tries to let it out while her tight cunt
clenches down on me once again.
Removing my hand from her mouth, I sit up and hold her face in both of
my hands. She’s gasping for breath. “Look at me,” I order.
Her eyes are once again unfocused, and tears freely fall from the corners
of them. “What do you say, little one?” I ask, wiping them away.
She blinks, her pretty eyes finding mine.
“Do you want to be his whore for the rest of your life, or do you want to
be my good girl?” This is her only chance to choose me. I have no problem
tricking or forcing her to be my wife. But her choosing to be with me over
him makes it all that better.
“Yours,” she breathes.
“Mine,” I agree.
I pull out and her arms fall to her sides. She’s weak, her body still trying
to come down from her high. Flipping her over onto her stomach, I yank
her hips up in the air, spreading her legs wide with mine. Sliding back into
her soaking wet cunt, I pull her up to where she’s straddling me backward. I
reach around, grabbing her breasts with one hand, making her moan. Her
head falls back onto my chest while my other hand comes up and covers her
mouth once again, my fingers pinching off her nose, and I fuck her, making
the bed hit the wall.
It doesn’t take long for her to go slack this time, her body already
exhausted. It only takes me a few more thrusts, and then I’m coming inside
her.
I remove my hand from her face, and she sucks in a deep breath, her
body still slack against mine. I gently lay her down and push her onto her
back, propping her head up on the pillow before getting off the bed. I go
over to my backpack and pull out the box. Opening it up, I remove the six
carat princess cut engagement ring that I purchased while in New York
yesterday, and slide it onto her finger. “Here’s to being mine forever,
Blake,” I say, watching her sleep.
BLAKELY.
I OPEN MY heavy eyes to see it’s dark in my room. Whimpering, I stretch and
feel the soreness in my body. I just lie here, looking up at the ceiling, and I
hear the sound of rain hitting the window.
It’s hard to explain, but I almost feel like a new person. I have never
come so hard in my life. It felt like I was floating. Dots peppered my vision,
and just when I thought I was going to pass out, he’d let go, and everything
would come crashing back. Every inch of my body was tingling. It was like
the best high you could reach without actually being on drugs.
Even now, my body still lightly tingles. As if a fire that can’t be put out
still lingers.
Deciding I need to get up, I push off the covers and walk on shaky legs to
the door. Opening it up, I find Ryat sitting on the couch, his cell to his ear.
His emerald eyes spot me immediately. “I’ll call you back.” He hangs up,
not even bothering to wait for the person on the other end to say goodbye.
He stands and walks over to me while I stay in the doorway, unsure my legs
will support me to walk that far to him.
Coming up to me, he kisses my forehead.
“What time is it?” I ask. My phone wasn’t on my nightstand.
“A little after two in the afternoon.”
I frown. “I missed classes.” Was that his plan all along?
He nods. “You needed the rest.”
“Ryat,” I growl. My hands shove him, but he doesn’t move. I’m not sure
if it’s because my body is weak as fuck or because he is just that strong.
“My mom will kill me.” Turning around, I make my way through my room
and to the bathroom. I get a little dizzy and have to use the countertop for
support. It’s comparable to when you stand quickly out of a hot bath, and
you get light-headed while seeing dots.
“It’s fine,” he argues, coming in behind me.
“That’s easy for you to say,” I snap, picking up my underwear off the
countertop from earlier. I go to put them on, but he yanks them from my
hand.
“Ryat!” I shriek, reaching out for them, but he tosses them across the
bathroom.
I sigh. “Real mature.” He grabs my arm and spins me around when I go
to get them, pushing my back into the wall. “Ryat …”
“Calm down,” he says softly, his eyes searching my face. “You’re getting
all worked up over nothing.”
“My mom—”
“Fuck your mother,” he interrupts me with a growl.
I feel like a child wanting to stomp their foot. “You don’t understand.”
“I understand everything. Your mom thinks she can control you.”
“She does,” I say through gritted teeth hating to admit that. “She pays for
this apartment.”
“Move out.”
I continue like he didn’t just suggest something so idiotic. “She pays for
Barrington.”
“Drop out.”
“Are you insane?” I demand, and he just chuckles. “I’m not a Lord,
Ryat,” I snap, and he stiffens against me. “I can’t do as I please.”
He grips my chin, forcing my head back against the wall to look up at
him while stepping in closer. “You’re mine, Blake. And that holds a lot of
power.”
Letting go of my neck, he runs his hands down my arms, making me
break out in goose bumps. He grips my left hand and brings it to his lips,
kissing my knuckles.
“It’s not that simple …” My voice trails off as I spot the ring on my
finger, heart starting to hammer in my chest. “Ryat.” I breathe. “What?”
Memories of earlier this morning come back like a hurricane hitting a
small town.
“Marry me, Blake.”
“Do you want to be his whore for the rest of your life, or do you want to
be my good girl?”
“Yours.”
“Mine.”
“This”—he kisses it again—“is the answer to all your problems, Blake.
All you need is me. I’ll take care of you.”
“But … you were joking,” I manage to get out even though I’m having
problems breathing. He might as well have his hand over my mouth and
nose again. Those spots are back, and I try to blink them away.
“Why would I joke about that?” he asks, tilting his head to the side.
“Because you … you’re seeing other women.” That’s the only reason I
can come up with.
“Who the fuck told you that?” he barks, making me jump.
Have I been wrong? “You. Your behavior. You keep disappearing …” I
rush out, not really having anything else to go on.
He pulls away from me, and my body sags against the wall without his
support. I allow my shaky knees to give out, and I slide down to sit on the
cold, tiled floor while he starts pacing my bathroom.
“Every time I ask where you go, you don’t answer.” I go on at his silence
because, honestly, I’m starting to question myself. I mean, did the man
really ask me to marry him? The look of the rock on my finger is screaming
yes! “You’re only with me because of Matt.” He doesn’t even offer a lie for
that. “You’re a Lord.”
“Matt is a Lord, and you were going to marry him,” he argues, still
pacing.
“No. I wasn’t.” I shake my head.
“Oh, I forgot. You were going to run away.” He snorts. “I’d like to see
you try to run away from me …” He fists his hands. “You wouldn’t get far,
Blake.”
“Wait.” I run a hand down my face. “How did you know …?” Finding
strength in my newfound anger, I get to my feet. “How did you know what I
was going to do?” I haven’t even told Sarah this. Too afraid she’d say
something to Gunner.
He comes to a stop and turns to face me. I don’t know why but I hate that
he’s fully dressed and I’m naked. It makes me feel vulnerable. Which is
stupid. The man has tied me up, gagged me, blindfolded me, and taken
away my air. Not sure why clothes matter all of a sudden. “You told me.”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Yes, you did. That night you were drunk off your ass, and I brought you
home from Blackout.” His voice rises.
“What else did I say to you?” I demand.
“Enough,” he snaps and then storms over to me, pressing my back into
the wall once again. He lifts his hands, cupping my face, and glares down at
me. I take in a shaky breath. “Just know this, Blake. If you try to run from
me, I will find you. And when I do, you will regret the day you left me.”
Softening his eyes, he gives me a threatening smile. “You were mine
yesterday, today, and tomorrow.” He gently kisses my forehead. The
tenderness a contradiction to his threatening words. “And you will continue
to be mine forever.”
I want to be terrified, but I’m not. Ryat Archer is possessive, controlling,
and extremely jealous. He’s fucking toxic. But I can’t lay all the blame on
him. Maybe I’m the cause of his toxicity. Maybe it’s my bad habits that
bring out his worst. Hell, maybe I’m wrong, and they are his best qualities.
I want his hands around my throat. I want his body pinning mine down,
and I want him to crave me the same way I need him.
So, who’s the real toxic one here?
“I’m not going anywhere,” I tell him, but even I know it’s a lie.
Eventually, he’ll be done with me, and I’ll belong to Matt. I will do
everything in my power to stop that.
He lets go of my face, his knuckles running over my jawline to my neck.
“I think you’re lying.” There’s a hint of pleasure in his voice, and it makes
me shiver.
I swallow nervously. “No …”
“I think you want to run, Blake.” His eyes search my face, the corner of
his lips turning up. “Just for me to catch you.”
My heart hammers in my chest, and my thighs tighten. Why does that
sound like fun? Why does it turn me on to think of him searching for me?
Knowing that once he finds me, he’s going to punish me?
“Is that what you want, Blake? Want me to chase you?”
“Yes.” I say the word before I can even think about it.
His eyes drop to my chest as his knuckles run over my breasts and my
hard nipples. “We can play that game. Just know”—his eyes meet mine
again—“that once I catch you, I will do whatever I want to you.” My
stomach flip flops with excitement at his threat. “And after I drag you back
here …” Lifting my hands, he intertwines our fingers and pushes them
above my head, pinning them to the wall. “You will be my wife.”
I lick my parted lips and take in a deep breath, trying to calm my
breathing. “You’ll have to find me first.”
Leaning in, he kisses my cheek. “I like my odds.” Then he lets go and
pulls away from me. My arms drop to my sides like ten-pound weights. “I’ll
see you soon.” With one last look at my naked body, he exits the bathroom.
I raise my hands and run them down my face letting out a breath. The
ring catches my attention. I stare down at the large square diamond that’s
surrounded by more diamonds. It’s a little gaudy for my taste but so
gorgeous. I run my fingertip over it.
What happened to his future wife? Why all of a sudden does he want me?
My parents will never willingly let me be with anyone other than Matt.
Well, my father might. My mother is the one obsessed with him.
But if I give myself to Ryat before I have to marry Matt? That would be
my way out. My mother hates the idea of a divorce as much as she hates the
idea of Ryat and me together. So, if I choose to marry Ryat first, then she’d
have no choice but to accept him. She’d hate for her daughter to be
divorced in a matter of weeks of getting married. That would just make her
look bad.
Smiling, I make my way over to the counter and look at myself in the
mirror. I’ll run from Ryat for now, but when he catches me, I’ll marry him.
Just like he said. If for no other reason than to piss off my mother!
Walking into my bedroom, I start yanking on the sheets looking for my
cell. I find it on the floor. Calling my dad, I sit on the side of the bed,
waiting for him to answer.
“Hello, honey.”
“Hey, Dad,” I say, smiling. “How are things going there?”
“Good. How about you?” he asks slowly. I haven’t spoken to him much
since classes started this year. But it’s not unusual to go weeks without
talking to him. He’s always been a busy man.
“Same,” I say, holding it with my shoulder and ear to the side of my
head. “I need a favor.”
He’s silent for a long second. “Okay. What is it?”
“I need the jet,” I answer, biting on my bottom lip. This wouldn’t be the
first time I’ve used it.
“Uh … where are you going?” he asks, sounding concerned. “Everything
okay?”
“Yeah. Yeah. Sarah and I are just getting away. You know, to have a girls’
trip.” I lie easily.
“What about classes?” he asks.
Fuck! “It’s just a couple of days. We’ve already arranged it with our
professors.”
“Okay.” He clears his throat. “Are you sure everything is all right?”
“Yep,” I reply.
“I can have it to you by tomorrow night.”
That won’t work. “Can it be tonight?” He stays silent. “It’s just that we’re
already packed, and I’d like to be on the beach first thing in the morning”
“Sure, honey. I’ll have it fueled and sent your way.”
I drop my shoulders and let out a breath. “Thanks, Dad.” I hang up and
don’t even bother looking for the cameras. Instead, I ignore Ryat
completely. I know he’s watching me, but he can’t hear me. He doesn’t
have audio that I know of. And even if he did, that doesn’t tell him where
I’m going.
Ryat.
I SIT IN my car, watching her through the windshield. It’s like old times
again. Back when I followed her around for those two weeks. Before I
wanted her to know she was going to be mine.
She gets out of the car, wearing a white halter top sundress with dark
purple heels and a black umbrella to shield her from the steady rain while
the man grabs her three bags out of the trunk.
Interesting.
Blakely thinks I won’t find her. I could have saved her the time and
trouble packing those because she won’t be wearing a goddamn thing while
we’re away. Well, other than handcuffs and maybe a blindfold.
She walks up the stairs to board her father’s private jet, and I grab the
bag out of the passenger seat before getting out of my car. Throwing it over
my shoulder, I make my way onto the plane, shaking off the rain that’s
covered me, looking around. Her father has a jumbo private double-decker
jet that can sit up to fifty people. It’s got white carpet with white leather
seats along with brown wood and gold trim—it looks every bit of the
millions of dollars it cost him.
“Oh, hello, sir.” A bleach-blonde flight attendant who can’t be older than
twenty-one greets me with a smile. Her brown eyes look me up and down.
“I didn’t know we had another guest. Would you like a towel to dry off?”
“Where is she?” I ask, ignoring her and getting to the point.
“The back suite, sir,” she answers, her eyes falling to my limp dick inside
my jeans.
“Ask her if she would like some champagne,” I order.
She nods and walks to the back of the plane, pushing open a door. I hear
the blonde ask, “Would you like a pre-flight drink, ma’am? We’ve got some
champagne.”
“Yes, please.” I hear Blake’s sweet voice. Almost song like. She’s quite
proud of herself. I can’t wait to see the look on her face when she sees me.
“Of course.” She closes the door and comes back to me.
I pop open a bottle of champagne and pour it into a flute. Then I remove
the clear vial out of my pocket and dump all the contents into the drink.
Taking a knife, I stir it around and then wipe it off on my already wet jeans.
Picking it up, I hold it out for the blonde to take.
She looks at me wide-eyed. They drop to the flute, and she swallows
nervously, running her hands down her tight black pencil skirt.
“Problem?” I ask.
“No.” She shakes her head. “Uh, no, sir.” Reaching out, she takes it from
my hand and goes back to the bedroom. Leaving the door open, I hear their
exchange. “Here you go, Miss Anderson.”
“Thank you.”
“My pleasure.” She closes the door and walks back over to me, nervously
tucking an imaginary piece of hair behind her ear.
“You’re fired,” I tell her.
“What?” Her wide eyes meet mine. “But …”
“Get your stuff and get the fuck off this plane.” I lean into her and hear
her inhale sharply. “Or I’ll throw you out at fifty thousand feet.”
Pulling away, she grabs a purse and all but runs off the jet before the door
closes.
I pull my cell out of my back pocket and send a text to Phil.
Me: I just fired your flight attendant. I’ll hire someone else who is
more capable of doing their job. And by the way, here are the new
coordinates to give to your pilot. Gunner and I are crashing the girls’ trip.
Then I turn it off before pocketing it once again. The blonde bimbo has
no fucking clue who I am, yet she watched me drug Blake’s drink and then
served it to her. For all she knows, I’m taking her to another country and
selling her into sex slavery for one fucking dollar or a million dollars.
That was a test, and she failed.
One of the things I learned as a Lord is if you give someone enough rope
they always hang themselves.
I make it to the back of the room. Turning the knob, I open the door
slowly to make sure she doesn’t spot me right off the bat.
Blakely stands at the end of the bed that is pushed up against the right
wall. To the left is a desk and next to it is another door to the private
bathroom. She has her back to me while she digs through a black and white
Dior bag. My eyes go to the empty champagne flute on the desk.
“We need to have a discussion about you taking drinks from strangers.”
She jumps, spinning around, and the action makes her dress fly up,
showing me her bubble ass in the process. Placing her hand on her chest,
she gasps. “Jesus, Ryat! What the fuck are you doing here?” Her blue eyes
scan the large space as if I didn’t come alone. “How did you find me?”
Entering the room, I close the door behind me and lean up against it,
blocking her only exit. Even though she’ll be unconscious in a matter of
minutes. “You know, I’m offended on how little credit you give me.”
She snorts. “Please …” Stepping forward, she stumbles but rights herself
before falling, regaining her balance. Her eyes shoot to mine.
“Feeling okay?” I ask, not sounding the least bit concerned.
Her hand goes to her head, and my eyes drop to her bare legs. “I’m
assuming you wore that dress for me. Since I’d never let you leave the
house wearing it.” It dips low in the front, showing me her round perfect
fucking tits. I just want to yank it down and suck on them. Mark them with
my handprints. She loves when I slap them. Gets her so wet. Another reason
it needs to be burned.
“Ryat …” She blinks, trying to get her eyes to focus. “Did you … drug
me?”
“I did.”
She steps into me, tripping again, and I catch her.
“Be careful. Don’t hurt yourself.” Spinning us around, I push her back
into the closed door and pin her against it with my body, holding her up.
“That’s my job.”
She whimpers, her heavy eyes blinking. “What? What are you going to
do?” She licks her lips. Her mouth getting dry.
“Whatever I want,” I remind her of our agreement.
“You cheated,” she whispers. “Somehow …”
“I’m winning,” I correct her. “And you, Blake …” I reach up and run my
hand through her hair. “You are my prize.”
Her long, black lashes flutter, and her eyes fall closed. This time, they
don’t open again. Her body goes slack against mine, and I pick her up
before placing her on the bed.
I roll her onto her stomach and shove her dress high up on her waist,
exposing a light pink cotton thong. I yank it down her legs and place them
in my pocket before removing her heels. Then I grab one of the white
pillows off the bed and prop it up under her hips, sticking her ass up in the
air. Going over to the only bag I brought, I pull out the black silicone plug
before crawling onto the bed and sitting between her parted legs.
I run my hands up and down the back of her smooth thighs, digging my
fingers into her skin and massaging them. I can’t get enough of her. I want
to fuck her every second of every day. And what little sleep I get, I dream
about her.
She’s become my newest obsession.
I make my way to her pussy and push a finger in to see how wet she is.
Not nearly enough.
Getting up onto my knees, I unzip my jeans, pulling out my dick. It’s so
fucking hard. Has been ever since she told me she wanted me to chase her.
My girl likes to play games.
I spit into my right hand and wrap it around the base of my dick while
sticking my other thumb in my mouth to get it wet. Readjusting myself
between her legs, I spread them farther apart, her ass and pussy up in the air
for me to play with.
I begin to stroke my hard cock while my free hand goes to her ass. I rub
my thumb over her puckered hole before gently pushing it into her. I groan
at how tight it is. How fucking good it’s going to feel when I take it from
her later.
My breathing picks up, and so does the rhythm on my dick. My hand
tightens to the point it’s almost painful, and I hiss in a breath.
Removing my thumb, I bend over and spit on her ass so I can replace it
with a finger. Working it in and out until I decide to add another.
Looking over her body lying before me makes my balls tighten. I love
that she lets me play with her however I want.
I pull my fingers out and push them back into her. My eyes are glued to
her ass, giving way to allow me entrance. I moan, thinking about how good
it’s going to feel. My balls tighten, and my body stiffens while I stroke my
dick a couple of times and remove my fingers quickly before coming all
over her ass and pussy.
Panting, I reach over to the plug and run it up and down between her
legs, coating the black silicone in my cum. Then I spread her ass wide and
gently push it into her.
“Anything I want,” I say out loud as if she can hear me.
Sitting back, I look down at it. Her pretty shaved pussy and the black
diamond poking out of her ass.
That’s all mine!
“Beautiful.” Her body is as relaxed as it’ll ever be right now. This is the
perfect time to get her ready for what I’m going to take later. I’ll make sure
she’s awake for that. A sick part of me wants it to hurt, and I know a part of
her will like it.
That’s just who my girl is.
Removing the pillow from underneath her hips, I lay her flat on the bed
and lie down beside her. Pushing the hair from her face, I rub my knuckles
down the side of her cheek, thinking about the look on Matt’s face when he
sees her at the ceremony with my ring on her finger, knowing she’s going to
be mine forever.
He’ll realize I’m not one to play fucking games with because I always
win.
BLAKELY.
I GROAN, PUSHING my face into a soft pillow that smells of lavender. Rolling
onto my back, I open my heavy eyes and look up to see an unfamiliar matte
black ceiling. “What?” My eyes take a second to focus. On the opposite
wall is a see-through fireplace with a TV hanging above it. To the right is a
sliding glass door. Squinting, I see nothing but trees and what looks like
snow on the other side of it.
“What happened?” I ask myself, my hand coming up to my head. It’s all
so foggy, and everything is sore. Like maybe I got really drunk and fell
down a flight of stairs. It wouldn’t be the first time I’ve done that. I can be a
klutz.
“I found you.”
Looking over to the open bedroom door, I see Ryat leaning up against the
doorway. His arms crossed over his chest, dressed in a pair of jeans and a
white hoodie with the sleeves pushed up to show his toned forearms. The
color makes his skin look even tanner than it already is. His emerald eyes
are bright, and his lips twitch as if he wants to smile but refuses to allow
himself that simple gesture to let me know he’s having fun.
“You cheated,” I say, and his eyes fall to my chest. Looking down, I
realize I’m naked. “Where’s my dress?” I ask, running my hands over my
stomach. I’m not even going to ask about my underwear. I’m sure he ripped
those.
“Burned it,” he answers with no remorse.
“Ryat,” I growl, watching as he pushes off the doorway and stalks over to
the bed. His eyes slowly rove over my exposed body, and his tongue comes
out to run across his lips. “You can’t keep burning my clothes.” I try to
sound like it matters that he scorched an expensive dress, but by the way his
eyes are heating up my body, I don’t really give a fuck what he did to it.
When I sit up, the room spins, but I freeze when I feel something. “What
—?” I trail off when that smile he was holding back appears on his face.
He arches a brow. “Something wrong?”
“What did you do?” I ask, terror gripping my chest at the feel of my ass.
There’s something there.
He reaches his hand up, rubbing his freshly shaven jaw. “It’s what I’m
going to do.”
Shoving him out of my way, I fumble to get out of the bed, but my knees
wobble, throwing my body into his.
Reaching up, he grips my hair and yanks my head back, holding me in
place. I hiss in a breath, his force making me stumble on shaky legs, but his
free hand wraps around my waist, pulling me into him to hold me up.
Lowering his lips to my neck, he whispers, “You need to take it easy, little
one. You’re still coming down off your sedative.”
Once he lets go of me, I make my way to the bathroom. There’s a long
counter with his and her sinks at either end. Below the countertop is nothing
but matte black-painted drawers. There are three rows running down and
four across. The countertop is white marble to match the floor. Lights line
the top of the tall mirror, making me blink my sensitive eyes.
Turning on the far sink to the right, I bend over but pause. My eyes shoot
to his in the mirror when he enters behind me, my heart picking up. “Ryat?”
My voice shakes nervously.
I reach around just as he steps up behind me. He grabs my wrists and
slams his body into mine, pushing me down onto the white marble counter.
I let out a shaky breath, the motion brushing my hair across the smooth
surface. “Ryat?” I ask, my heart now racing.
“Shh,” he breathes against the side of my head. Letting go of me, he
stands up but places his hand on my back to keep me bent over.
His free hand goes between my legs, and he pushes on my ass, and I feel
something … inside me? I tense.
“Have I done anything to you that you haven’t enjoyed?” He muses.
“No.” My heart is pounding, and my mind is trying to think of what the
fuck happened while I was out.
“Do you trust me?” he asks, and I feel pressure where I’ve never felt it
before.
“Yes,” I whimper, now panting. I trust Ryat more than I do anyone else,
and even I understand how sad that is.
“While you were out, I put a butt plug in your ass.”
“You what?” I shriek and try to get up, but his hand on my back prevents
it.
“Calm down.” He slaps my thigh, and I yelp. “I’m going to fuck your
ass, Blake. It’s time I get what’s mine.”
Gripping my hair, he yanks me to stand, pulling my back to his front. His
free hand wraps around my throat from behind, forcing me to lift my chin.
The new position has me feeling the plug. I groan at the way it presses
into me. So unfamiliar, yet also good at the same time. I can feel it not only
in my ass, but also in my pussy. The thought of it just being there makes me
feel even more submissive to him.
“Contrary to what you believe, I don’t want to hurt you, Blake,” he says,
his eyes boring into mine in the mirror. “I had to stretch that tight ass in
order to get it ready for my cock.”
I swallow against his hand. My ass tightening on its own, squeezing it to
see if it’s truly there. And why the thought turns me on. I already feel so
full, I can’t imagine what he will feel like inside me.
“I promise it will feel good.” He kisses my cheek as if reading my mind.
Tears start to sting my eyes, but I understand what he’s saying. And a part
of me wants to give it to him. Wants him to take it. It’s the fucked-up part
that Matt was ashamed of. “I trust you,” I manage to whisper.
“That’s my good girl.” He runs his lips along my face to my ear, where
he nibbles on it, making me groan. Pulling away, he meets my eyes in the
mirror once again. “Stay right here.” Then he turns and walks out of the
bathroom.
I bend over a little, tightening my ass once again and feeling the plug
inside. It feels good but also uncomfortable at the same time. I have an urge
to push it out, but I don’t. Instead, I place my hands on the edge and try to
calm my breathing.
He returns seconds later with rope hanging from his hands. Blood rushes
in my ears when he places his hand on my back and pushes my chest onto
the counter. Then he grips my hips pulling them away from the edge a little,
leaving some open space.
“Spread your legs,” he orders, slapping my ass.
Sweat begins to bead on my forehead. Swallowing, I spread them the
best I can, knowing that he’s about to have his way with my ass, and he’s
going to make me like it.
Ryat.
I TAKE ONE of the ropes and double it up, sliding it through the silver
handle on the bottom far right drawer and wrap it around her ankle before
tying it into a knot, attaching it to the drawer. Going over to her other ankle,
I do the same thing—securing her legs far apart.
Standing behind her, I grab her wrists, pulling her arm off the counter
and over to the right. Her forearm hangs off the edge. I do the same to her
wrists, securing them to a top drawer. Then do the same to her left one.
I look over her tied open for me with the black plug in her ass, and I start
salivating. I’ve been dreaming of this since I saw her on her ass in the
hallway at Barrington. Our flight was over four hours. It gave me the
opportunity to change her plug out twice. I needed to get her ready for me.
As bad as I wanted to just ram my cock into it, I do want her to enjoy it.
Running my palm up her thigh, I give her left ass cheek a hard slap.
She jumps, whimpering.
I do the same to the other one.
Her breathing picks up, filling the large room. Cupping her pussy, she
wiggles her ass for me, and I push a finger into her. “You’re already so wet
for me,” I say and then remove it, slapping her cunt as well.
She cries out. Grabbing a hand full of her hair, I yank her face off the
countertop and look at her in the mirror. “Do you know why I tied you up in
here instead of the bed?”
“No.” She whispers. Her tear-filled eyes are so pretty right now.
I knew she wouldn’t. “It’s because I want you to watch yourself come
with my cock in your ass.”
She sucks in a ragged breath.
“You will come, Blake,” I promise her. Reaching into the front pocket of
my jeans, I pull out pink rubber vibrator—Lovense Lush 2. I bought it for
her last week but haven’t had the chance to use it yet. Now is the best time.
I remove my cell from the other pocket and pull up the app. I turn the
vibrator on and rub it against her clit while setting my cell on the counter
next to her head. She squirms, her body pulling on her restraints. I gently
rub it in circles, just teasing her. I have it turned all the way down right now,
not ready for her to come just yet.
When I push two fingers into her, she rises on her tiptoes, a strangled cry
leaving her parted lips as I pump them in and out of her, getting her wetter.
They pick up their pace, getting a little more forceful. When I think she’s
ready, I remove them, her body sagging against the countertop.
I take the vibrator and rub it over her wet cunt, getting it lubed up before
pushing it inside her. She’s panting, the side of her face on the counter, her
eyes closed. “Ryat …” she cries out, lifting her head up, and wide blue eyes
meet mine in the mirror.
I know she’s used vibrators before. I’ve seen them in her nightstand at
her apartment. But using one on yourself and someone using one on you are
two very different feelings. She’s not in control here. I am.
I undo my belt and then unzip my jeans, pulling out my dick. Then I pick
up the lube and spread it all over my length, making sure to coat every inch
of myself until it’s dripping off me.
Reaching out, I take the diamond and slowly turn it in a clockwise circle.
She sucks in a breath, her body tensing. “Relax,” I warn, slapping her ass
cheek. “Focus on the vibrator.”
I gently pull on the plug, and she whimpers. Before it can pop out all the
way, I gently push it back inside her, and she moans. “That’s it,” I say and
do it again.
Her breathing picks up even more, and she yanks on the ropes that keep
her open for me.
This time, I pull it out all the way and toss it into the sink that still runs
from when she turned it on, replacing it with two fingers that are still
covered in lube from applying it on my cock. “Take in a couple of deep
breaths,” I tell her.
Her watery eyes meet mine in the mirror, and she puckers her lips,
sucking in a deep breath, and then relaxes as she lets it out while I push a
third finger into her. She cries, and I remove them. “Again,” I tell her.
The first tear runs down her cheek, but she does as I say. I repeat the
process with just two fingers this time, knowing she’s ready.
Letting go, I yank my hoodie up and over my head before tossing it to the
floor. Not wanting it to get in the way. Taking my cock in my hand, I step
closer to her and slide the head of my dick along her ass, slowly running it
up and down, smearing the lube all over her. “One more,” I say, reminding
myself to go slow. If I tear her, I’ll have to wait to have it again.
When she sucks in a breath, I push the head into her, spreading her tight
ass. She cries out, and I bite my bottom lip when it opens up for me.
I pull out and push in again, just my head. Letting her get used to it.
“Ryat,” she softly cries, her body already shaking under mine.
I reach around between her body and the countertop—this is why I left
some space—and begin to play with her clit. Her head falls back onto the
countertop, and I pull out, pushing into her again, going deeper this time.
Yanking on the rope, she whimpers.
“Goddamn,” I moan, unable to stop myself. Pulling out, I push in, a little
deeper once again.
She’s gasping for breath, and I’m trying not to fucking come right now.
Clenching my teeth, I slide out and watch her ass open for me as I enter her
again with more force this time, burying myself in deeper. “I’m halfway,” I
say, more to myself than her.
The drawers rattle from the ropes I’ve tied her to while her knees hit
them. “You’re doing so good,” I tell her, making her whimper. “So good,
Blake.” I pull out and push into her again, my fingers pulling on the
vibrator to remind her it’s there just in case she’s too focused on her ass.
The way she pushes against me tells me the little distraction worked.
I do it again, this time pushing all the way into her. Letting go of the
vibrator, I reach over to my cell and turn up the level all the way on the
vibrator and then lean against her back. Wrapping my hands in her long,
dark hair, I pull her face off the marble to look at me in the mirror. It’s wet
with tears. “Fuck, you’re amazing, Blake,” I say, kissing the side of her face
and tasting the saltiness. “My good girl.”
Her lips are parted, and she’s panting. Her body already shaking
uncontrollably.
“I’m going to fuck your ass now,” I warn her, and before she can say
anything, I start to move.
BLAKELY.
IT HURTS BUT also feels good. I can’t catch my breath. Between his dick in
my ass and the vibrator in my pussy, I’m having trouble focusing.
At first, it felt like I needed to go to the bathroom. My body wanted me
to push against it—refuse him. But then he started to move and fuck if it
didn’t feel good. I hate that he’s right.
“Do you feel how deep in your ass I am, Blake?” he growls in my ear.
His green eyes are locked on my watery ones in the mirror. “How tight it
is?”
My hips are slammed into the side of the counter, my back arched at an
odd angle, and my limbs secured to the drawers. My tits are smashed
underneath me, already making it hard to breathe.
“Fuck,” he growls, his hands gripping my hair, making my scalp tingle.
“Your ass feels so fucking good wrapped around my cock.” I manage to
suck in a deep breath. “I knew it would.”
My face is just inches from the mirror, and every time I breathe, a fog
covers it before disappearing. His hand in my hair is the only thing
preventing my face from hitting the glass with each thrust.
Everything feels so intense. He feels ten times bigger than when he’s in
my pussy. Sweat covers my back and my chest—my body starting to slip
around on the marble counter. My hands have gone numb from the rope
wrapped around my wrists, but I can’t help it. My body is reacting to Ryat’s
dick in my ass and vibrator in my pussy.
My lips fall open on a moan, and my eyes close. The sound of his body
slapping mine fills the room, and so do his grunts. They turn me on even
more. The fact that he’s enjoying himself makes me even wetter. My pussy
clenches the toy inside me, and I’m pretty sure I’m drooling, unable to close
my mouth.
It’s primal. As if he can’t control himself. He needed to take it. Just like I
told him I imagined when I dream about my forced-sex fantasy. It feels like
total surrender. I’m giving him the last bit of me that I have to offer.
He lets go of my hair with one hand and wraps it around my neck. “Open
your eyes,” he demands with a growl. “You’re going to fucking watch!”
I open my heavy eyes, fresh tears roll out of them. I’m not even sure why
I’m crying. It doesn’t hurt as much as I thought it would. My body tenses
involuntarily, an unfamiliar feeling starting to build between my legs. My
pussy and my ass start to pulsate with contractions. They crawl throughout
my body like a million spiders—an explosion starting to build.
He holds me tighter, and the room seems to fade away, my vision going
dark even though my eyes are open. I feel like I’m spinning, body
shivering.
“That’s it, Blake.” I hear his voice roughly in my ear as I do exactly what
he said I would do, and come, a sound so unreal erupts from my lips. A
wave so heavy and hot rushes over me, taking away what little breath I had.
My body goes slack, and he slams into my ass. His dick pulses inside me
as he too comes.
Pulling out of me, I whimper. Then he removes the vibrator, throwing it
to the floor. It continues to stay on as he rips a towel draped over a silver
rod and wipes between my shaking legs, cleaning me up. Then undoes the
ropes. I don’t even have the strength to get up off the counter. The side of
my face sits in my tears and sweat on the marble.
He grabs my shoulders, pulling me to a standing position just in time to
pick me up before I can collapse to the floor and carries me to the bedroom.
He sits with his back against the headboard and pulls me into his lap.
My body is shaking so badly, I feel like I’m having a seizure. I have no
control of my motor skills whatsoever. I realize I’m still crying when I lick
my lips and taste the tears.
“Shh.” He rocks me back and forth gently. One arm wrapped around my
body, the other running down the side of my head. “You did great, Blake.”
He kisses my hair. “Such a good girl.”
I grip the shirt he still wears and bury my face into it, closing my eyes
tightly, unable to control my emotions either.
Ryat.
SHE’S STOPPED CRYING, her body has gone slack, and I can hear her
even breathing. She’s passed out again. She hadn’t been out long enough
the first time. It was clear the drugs were still in her system when she woke
up.
I hear my cell ring in the bathroom. I gently lay her on the bed and cover
her up before making my way into it. I turn off the sink, pick up the
vibrator, shutting it off, and grab my cell off the counter. Dad flashes across
my screen.
“Hello?” I answer.
“Son,” he greets me. “I just spoke to Phil. He said you and Blakely went
on a trip.”
I didn’t have to watch the cameras in her apartment to know she’d call
her daddy. She needed a quick escape, and his jet would be her only option.
Only we weren’t going where she had planned—the Hamptons. I told him
to inform the pilot of our new destination and that me and Gunner were
hijacking the girls’ trip. He didn’t even question it.
“We are,” I answer.
“Well …”
“We didn’t run off to elope if that’s what you’re wondering.” Not like
he’ll be invited to the wedding anyway.
He sighs, letting me know he’s got something on his mind. “You know
I’ll back you a hundred percent. I just want to make sure this is what you
want.”
“The contract has been signed. The deal is done.” She will be my wife.
“But the Lords …” He pauses. “She has to be initiated in as your wife.
You sure you want to put her through that?”
“She would have done it when she married Matt.” I shrug, not seeing the
problem. Or the difference in the matter. Other than her last name will be
Archer.
“Matt won’t have the title that you will be awarded, Ryat,” he growls.
A Lords wife is much different than a chosen one. As my wife, she will
be untouchable. Invincible. Because I will give her as much power as she
fucking wants. Matt was going to make her his whore. Probably let anyone
who wants a piece of her, have her. He planned on using her to get him
whatever his title wouldn’t. Not one person will fucking touch her but me.
“She can handle it,” I tell him.
“We both know that if Matt doesn’t marry Blakely, then he won’t get
anywhere. His father needs the Anderson name to stay alive.”
“Your point?” I snap, getting irritated. He’s speaking like I haven’t
already asked her father and gotten his permission. Like I’m going to just
wake up and toss her to the side. That was the original plan, but not now.
Not after what Matt did to me while we were in jail working for Gregory.
“My point is that giving her your last name isn’t the same as taking
Matt’s.”
“Did you call for any another reason, or just to piss me off?” I growl.
He lets out a huff. “I just … I just want to make sure you know what
you’re doing. A Lord getting married isn’t like taking on a chosen one. You
can’t toss Blakely to the side when you’re done playing with her.”
“You didn’t mind me offering money for her when I was at the house in
New York.” I remind him. He asked me twice what I’d pay for her while I
was there.
“That had to do with Matt. Not you,” he argues.
I bend down, pick up my hoodie, and walk over to the doorway, leaning
against it. My eyes fall to her sleeping in the bed. A sense of overwhelming
jealousy runs over me at the thought of anyone else’s lips kissing her body.
Their hands running over her soft skin and wet pussy. Fucking her like I
have. Her moaning their name. Or her begging them for their cock.
She’s mine! It’s just that simple.
I’m addicted to her smile, the way she touches me. The sound of her
voice. How she says my name. The way her scent lingers on my clothes
when I’m not with her. Everything about her feeds a hunger that can never
be satisfied. I know it, and she knows it. It’s not a matter of if I love her.
The question is, can I hand her over to Matt after graduation? Fuck no! Call
me selfish, but I’m not handing her over to anyone.
“I understand the difference, Father. Thanks for your concern, but
Blakely Anderson will be my wife.” I hang up before he can say anything
else about my decision to marry her.
Walking back over to the bed, I run my knuckles down her cheek.
“Ryat?” she whispers, moving onto her back.
“Yeah, little one?” I ask, my fingers running down her neck, stopping to
feel the strong rhythm of her pulse.
Her heavy lashes lift for the briefest second, soft blue eyes meet mine
before falling shut once again. “Take a nap with me.”
“Whatever my girl wants,” I say, removing my clothes and climbing into
bed next to her. She rolls, giving me her back, and I cuddle up to her warm
body, pulling her into me. Within seconds, she’s back to sleep.
BLAKELY.
I EXPECTED BEING married to feel different. I always had this dark cloud
hanging over my head that I was expecting to open up and drown me once I
married Matt. That’s not even close to what it feels like being married to
Ryat.
It’s a freeing feeling that I can’t even begin to explain. The only thing I
can compare it to is when you’re swimming and come up for air. That
burning sensation in your lungs, that tightness in your chest. When you
break the surface and get that first breath and feeling the sun on your face.
That’s what Ryat is to me.
My sun. My air.
We spent two days away together doing nothing but having sex when we
played the cat and mouse game. We could have literally done that at my
apartment or at his cabin in the woods. Instead, he had my father’s pilot
take us to one of his parents’ vacation houses in the middle of nowhere. It
was cold, wet, and started to snow. We spent every second indoors screwing
all over the house. Even joined the mile-high club on the way back. It was
by far the best vacation I’ve ever had. And not one tan line to show for it.
I’ve been doing it wrong all these years, sitting on beaches with Sarah.
The moment we touched back down in Pennsylvania we went and
applied for our marriage license. Three days later we were at city hall
getting married.
I look down at the ring on my finger and run my thumb over it. It’s still
hard to comprehend. It’s like a dream. One that I could have never
imagined. I guess you would call that weekend we had away our
honeymoon because we didn’t have time to get out of town after we said I
do.
I stand in Ryat’s bathroom at the house of Lords, looking at myself in his
mirror. My hair is up in a French twist, my makeup done heavily with silver
and black eye shadow with thick black liner on top and bottom, with extra
thick mascara and matte red lips.
Running my hands down the white satin gown, I take in a deep breath.
Tonight’s the ceremony. To say I’m nervous is an understatement. I’m not
sure what to expect. But one thing is for sure, I’m no longer Blakely
Anderson. Now I’m Blakely Archer—Ryat’s wife.
It isn’t hard to say or comprehend. I understand what we did. I also
understand that I’ll never leave him. I owe Ryat that. My commitment. My
body. My heart? Do I have to love him too? Or is the rest enough?
The fact that he was even willing to save me from Matt is good enough
for me.
“Blake, you ready?” I hear Ryat call out, entering his room.
“Yeah,” I say, turning around to stand in the doorway of the bathroom
just as he enters.
He comes to a stop; his emerald eyes drop to the train on my dress and
slowly run up over the fitted material that hugs me like a glove. There’s a
slit up my right leg, so high, I wasn’t even able to wear any underwear
because it comes up past my hip. The satin material covers my chest,
coming up high up in the front, to where it wraps around my neck, two silk
pieces tie in the back in a big bow leaving the leftover satin to fall over the
open back. Every time I move, I feel the soft and cool material glide across
my skin, making me shiver. The entire back is cut out, dipping to the top of
my ass.
I didn’t wear a dress to city hall. Instead, I chose a white suit. But
tonight, I wanted to dress up for him. He once told me he was proud to call
me his chosen after we performed the vow ceremony. I wanted him to feel
that way tonight, knowing that I’m now his wife.
My heart begins to race, breaths coming in quick bursts at the way he
looks at me. His emerald eyes slowly run up and down several times.
Reaching up, he pulls on his bow tie and clears his throat. Taking a step
toward me, I take one back, and he stops. “Are you going to burn it?” I ask
nervously. It’s revealing, showing off my bare back, leg, and hip along with
a little side boob. But somehow, even the parts of my body it covers, I still
feel exposed.
He begins to walk toward me again, and this time, I don’t retreat.
Coming up to me, he cups my face, his eyes searching mine. “No,” he
whispers, his eyes dropping to my covered chest. “Blake … you look
stunning.”
I blush, letting out a long breath, and drop my head, unable to help the
smile that spreads across my face.
There’s a knock on the door right before it swings open. “Ryat?”
I look up, and he snaps, “What?”
“You’re needed, man,” Gunner informs him then looks at me. Winking,
he gives me a thumbs-up. “Hot wife.”
My cheeks burn. I still can’t believe we did that.
“Gunner …” Ryat starts.
“I’m not leaving.” He enters the room and crosses his arms over his chest
with a playful smile on his face.
Ryat growls deep in his chest and turns to face me. “I’ll meet you out
there.” He places a kiss on my cheek and turns, walking out.
Taking a second to myself, I close my eyes and inhale deeply, trying to
slow my racing heart. I exit the room, making sure to shut and lock his
bedroom door behind me before pocketing the key in my clutch that barely
fits my cell phone.
Making my way to the ballroom, I look for Ryat or Sarah but don’t see
them anywhere. The place is packed. Decorated with white twinkling lights
and soft piano music. So different from when I was here the first time.
“Would you like a glass of champagne, miss?”
I go to tell her no, afraid of my last experience. Now is not the time to get
drunk or drugged. But she pops the cork and grabs a flute. “Yes, please.”
Handing it to me, I thank her and take a sip.
The lights dim down a little, the music coming to a stop, and so does all
the conversations.
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.”
I turn to face the stage, seeing Ryat stand in the middle with a
microphone in his hand. “I want to thank you all for attending the annual
house of Lords ceremony.”
I take another sip.
“It’s been a long four years,” he says, running his hand across his chin as
in thought.
I frown, wondering what he means by that.
“As a Lord, we’re taught to never accept defeat. To never give up on
what we want.”
His eyes are looking past me, over my shoulder. I turn to see what he’s
staring at and regret it the moment I do. It’s Matt. He stands there, dressed
in a suit and tie like the others, and his girlfriend is wearing a black
sequined dress with a plunging neckline to show off her assets. Giving them
my back, I turn to face the stage once again.
“Some of us will never know defeat. Others will never know victory,”
Ryat goes on. “But what I can tell you is those who don’t try will never
know what they are capable of.”
I take a sip of the champagne.
“Blakely,” he calls out my name.
And I snort into my drink. Then quickly wipe it off my chin, praying it
didn’t spill on my dress. Not again! Last time, I left a party here covered in
alcohol.
I look up at him wide-eyed.
He stands there, looking every bit of a powerful man dressed in an
expensive tux, hair slicked back and clean shaven. He’s so gorgeous.
“For those of you who don’t know, Blakely is my chosen.”
What is he doing? My hand holding the flute starts to shake.
“Sometimes, you get lucky in life. And I can say that I’m the luckiest
man in this room.”
Oh, God. No. no. no.
“Just look at her.” He gestures to me with his left hand and my eyes go
straight to his wedding band. The thought that he’s mine fills my stomach
with butterflies. “She’s amazing, breathtaking, good hearted and a hundred
percent mine.”
Don’t do it …
“As of yesterday, I can add my wife to that.”
Audible gasps fill the large room, and I hold my breath. “The stunning
Mrs. Blakely Rae Archer, everyone.” He introduces me to hundreds of
people.
I give a shaky smile to the applause given to us that follows, wishing the
floor would fucking swallow me up.
Ryat walks down the stairs and comes over to me, people moving out of
his way.
“What are you doing?” I hiss under my breath.
He takes my drink from my hands and passes it off to a server who walks
by. He spins me around, pulling me into his body, not answering me.
Ryat.
FUCK EVERY SINGLE goddamn one of them!
“Ryat,” she whispers. Her eyes darting around the room.
I begin to dance with her. One hand on her bare back, the other coming
up to cup her face while “Broken” by Lifehouse starts to play through the
speakers in the ballroom.
She nibbles on her bottom lip nervously and her eyes continue to look
around the room, looking at everyone as they watch us.
Coming to a stop, I run my knuckles down her cheek and along her jaw
before lifting her face to mine. She licks her lips, wetting the matte red
lipstick. I run my thumb over it, lowering my face to hers. Her pretty blue
eyes stare up at me, and it’s like everyone else in the room fades away. She
only has eyes for me, but everyone is looking at her. My wife.
I never really gave much thought to my marriage. That was because I
never really cared about it. I looked at it more like a contract. And even
though this is exactly what it was, it feels like more.
She licks her painted lips and I lean down, pressing mine to hers. I kiss
her. The first time I kissed her was yesterday standing at the city hall,
vowing my life to hers. The thought had never crossed my mind. Now?
Now I can’t get enough of them. Doesn’t matter what we’ve done, this feels
more intimate than any of it.
Her tongue meets mine and I taste the champagne. It’s as sweet as her.
She kisses me with so much passion, so needy. It’s as if she’s breathing for
me.
She stood in this very spot just weeks ago, and all I could think of was
that I was going to take her from a man I hated. Now, all I can think of is
spending the rest of my life with her.
I lift my hands to her neck, making sure everyone watching can see my
ring, tilting my head to the side of her face and open my eyes. They land on
Matt, who stands behind her, just like I knew they would. I hope they say
everything I’m thinking.
I fucking win!
The way his narrow on me and his fists clench, he gets the message. He
grabs Ashley and spins around, running off with her.
Slowing the kiss down, I pull away. Her heavy eyes slowly open to look
up at me. “I owed you a dance, Mrs. Archer.” I finally answer her question,
and her body melts into mine. A look of pure admiration written all over her
Barbie doll face, and it makes me smile. I want to see that more from her.
It can’t hurt to have your wife fall in love with you, right?
I feel like it won’t take much.
BLAKELY.
I MAKE MY way down the hallway to Ryat’s bedroom. Three glasses of
champagne later and countless handshakes with the congratulations have
got me needing to pee. I unlock the door and then shut it behind me. I’m
washing my hands when I hear his bedroom door open and close. “Have
you seen Sarah tonight?” I ask, turning it off and grabbing a towel to dry
my hands.
Spinning around, I go to step back into the bedroom, but someone steps
in front of me, blocking my way. I go to scream when they shove me into
the bathroom, but a hand is slapped over my face, and I’m shoved up
against the wall.
I look up into a set of baby-blue eyes. I start screaming behind his hand.
“Shh, Blakely. I just want to talk.” He removes his hand and raises them
both in front of him.
I suck in a deep breath, “What are you doing, Matt?” I snap. If Ryat finds
him in here, he’ll kick his ass.
“I need to talk to you.”
I shove his chest, but he doesn’t budge. “There’s nothing for us to say.”
Making a fist, I pound it into his suit.
He sighs and steps back, allowing me space to exit the bathroom. I rush
through the bedroom, and my hand reaches the doorknob when he speaks.
“He paid your father five hundred thousand to marry you.”
I stop and turn to face him. A laugh bubbles up in my chest, but I force it
down. “You’re lying,” Men don’t pay for their wives. That’s the kind of shit
you see in movies.
He goes on. “Your phone. He tracks you with it.”
My pulse races at his words. “No …”
“Your incoming calls and texts. He blocks them.” He growls.
My knees start to buckle at the blow to my chest his words have on me,
but I manage to stay standing. But I argue, “He couldn’t …”
“Think about it. Your mom has told me that she can’t reach you. I’ve
tried calling and texting you.” He steps toward me, and I’m frozen in my
spot. “That weekend he went to New York but came home early, he blocked
Sarah’s number so she couldn’t call you to come party here without him.”
Tears start to sting my eyes at how much sense his words are making, but
I don’t want to believe it. “No. How would he …?”
“That first night here at the party ... when you caught me with Ashley?
He retrieved your phone, keys, and ID from the check-in before driving you
home. He downloaded an app to your cell to give him access to everything.
Even the things you google. He can hear every call, read every text. He
tracks you.”
Tears fall from my eyes even as I shake my head at him, refusing to
believe what I know is the truth. It has to be. It makes too much sense.
He sighs, “I know there’s no hope for us anymore. But I just thought you
should know who you’ve married.” His eyes drop to my ring.
“How …” I clear my throat. “How do you know all of this?”
“Because I did it to Ashley,” he replies simply. “All the Lords do it to
their chosens. Why do you think we make everyone turn in their cells for
the party? It’s to give us access to them when everyone else is too busy
partying.”
I swallow the lump that gets lodged in my throat. It has to be true, right?
It explains so much. Why my mother couldn’t reach me. Why Sarah’s calls
wouldn’t go through when he was supposed to be gone, but magically did
when we returned from our weekend at the cabin. How he found me on my
father’s private jet. And the fact that he placed his hand over my mouth and
nose the day after I googled breath play. “How do you know he gave my
father money?” I ask, my shoulders shaking.
He reaches up, scratching the back of his neck. “I know because …” He
pauses, his arm dropping to his side, sighing. “Because I offered fifty for
you.”
Reaching up, I cover my mouth to hide my sob. I knew he didn’t love
me, but this? It was all a game to him. I was nothing more than a high-paid
prostitute. My father sold me to the highest bidder.
“Blakely …” He steps toward me, and I take a step back, hitting the
bedroom door. He stops. “I’m so …”
“Get out!” I shout. More embarrassed than anything. Ashamed that I
thought I was doing something right when it was really the stupidest
goddamn thing.
“Blakely …”
“GET OUT!” I scream, stepping out of the way and opening the door for
him.
He walks toward it, pausing once he gets to the door. “Ryat was right
about one thing. You really do look stunning.” Then he exits the room, and I
slam the door shut, locking it.
I fall to my ass and bring my knees to my chest, holding a hand over my
mouth to quiet the sobs.
Every single person sold me out. Every goddamn one of them! No one
was on my side. They never asked what I wanted.
Pulling my hand from my mouth, I look down at my ring and start
yanking on it. It pops off and goes flying across the room. I crawl over in
my expensive dress and pick it up. Then I walk over to his bed, placing it in
the center of it.
Entering the bathroom, I look at myself in the mirror. My makeup
smeared across my face. I expected to look this way later this evening for a
different reason. Not even bothering to wipe it off, I grab my clutch that has
my phone in it, knowing I’ve got one chance and one chance only to get
away. Because if everything that Matt said is true, Ryat will find me within
minutes.
Ryat.
“CONGRATULATIONS ON THE nuptials, Ryat.” Gregory comes up to
me, shaking my hand.
“Thank you, sir.” I take a sip of my champagne.
“Remember what I said.” He nods at me. “Need anything. Let me know. I
owe you.”
I give him a nod and pull my cell phone out of my pocket. I notice that
Blake’s been gone for a while now. Pocketing it, I look up and scan the
crowd. I see Sarah and Gunner in the far corner at the bar.
Making my way over to them, I take another drink. “Hey, have you guys
seen Blake?” I ask.
“No.” Sarah frowns. “I’ve texted her twice and no response.”
Gunner shakes his head. “But by the way … smooth, man.” He gestures
to the stage and the little show I put on.
I smirk, but it drops when I spot Matt across the room. He stands with his
back to the wall with a drink in his hand. It’s the smile on his face he’s
giving me that makes my skin crawl. Alarms go off as he just stands there
staring at me.
My cell rings, and I pull it out, dismissing him. I see it’s a blocked
number, so I turn and open the sliding glass door, walking outside. I stand
on the back terrace, looking over the Olympic size swimming pool lit up
with floating white lights and hit answer. “Hello?”
There’s a long stretch of silence that greets me. “Hello?” I ask again, and
nothing. “Who is this?” I demand.
“Your wife.”
The cold tone used for those two words send a chill up my spine,
freezing me in place. “Blake?”
“How could you?” Her words shake, telling me she’s angry.
“How could I what?” I look up and over the manicured yard. “Where are
you?”
She gives a rough laugh. “Want to make sure you get what you paid for?”
My head snaps up, and so does my pulse. “Blake ….”
“How could you?” she seethes. “You know, I never expected you to love
me. But I was dumb enough to think you at least respected me.”
“Where are you?” I growl through gritted teeth. Spinning around, I yank
open the door and enter the ballroom.
“Long gone, Ryat.”
“Where?” I demand, running through the ballroom and down the
hallway.
“You wanna play games, Ryat? I can play. I can play them all day long.”
I come to my bedroom and slam the door open. Looking around, I don’t
see her. “You better—”
“What?” she interrupts me. “Come back and bow down to you? Not a
chance, Ryat.”
I catch sight of something on the bed. Walking over to it, I see it’s her
wedding ring, purse, and cell phone. Motherfucker! She’s running. “I’ll find
you,” I grind out. “I already told you that once … and Blake.” I take in a
deep breath, my hands shaking. “When I do, I will drag you back by your
hair, kicking and screaming.” I’ll do whatever it fucking takes. “Don’t make
me hurt you.”
She gives a soft laugh, like she doesn’t believe a damn word I just said.
The sound crawls all over me like hot lava, burning my skin, making me
even angrier. “You can’t find what you can’t track, Ryat.”
Oh, but I will. “I’ll see you soon, Mrs. Archer.”
“No. You won’t.” Click.
“Goddammit!” I shout, throwing my cell across the room, and it hits the
wall, the screen shattering in a million pieces.
My chest is heaving, and my hands reach up to fist my hair. It doesn’t
matter how she got that ring; she belongs to me. This changes nothing. I
will bring her back, but she won’t like how I do it.
I SIT ON the black leather couch, leaning forward with my elbows on my
knees. My right hand absentmindedly spins my wedding band.
Till death do us part is engraved on the inside of the band—identical to
my wife’s.
She has been gone for two days now. Not a single word, not a clue as to
where she went. And no fucking idea where to even start looking. She
disappeared—poof—like a ghost.
When I find her—and I will—it’s going to take everything in me not to
fucking kill her. That’s how angry I am.
My new phone vibrates in my pocket, and I pull it out to see it’s a text
from an unknown number.
Negative.
Locking it back, I grind my teeth. Well, that’s interesting. But something
that I don’t have time to devote my life to right now. One problem at a time.
“What do we know?” my father-in-law asks, sitting behind his desk in his
office overlooking downtown Dallas. Once again, in the middle of the
night.
“Nothing,” Prickett answers, sitting to my right.
I haven’t said much since I found out she decided to run. It seems
pointless because there’s not much to say.
“She didn’t return to her apartment, her car is still in the same spot it was
before, and she left her cell at the house of Lords, along with her wedding
ring,” Gunner informs, sitting to my left.
My father sighs while he stands by the floor-to-ceiling window. “She’s
just vanished.”
“People don’t just disappear.” Her father slams his hands down on his
desk. I’m pretty sure Phil wants to strangle her too. “She needs money to
survive.”
“She gets a job,” Prickett offers.
“She’s never had one a day in her life. What skills does she have?” he
barks. “But if she does have one, then there’s a record of her somewhere out
there.”
“Not if she’s making cash, getting paid under the table,” Gunner states,
sitting back on the couch. “Vegas and stripper come to mind.”
My hands clench at his words, and I want to punch him for even thinking
that.
“Matt played her,” my father states, turning around to face the room. “He
realized his chance with her was gone, so he chose to sabotage her marriage
with Ryat.” His eyes meet mine. “He was probably planning on her making
a big scene in front of everyone but was granted something better when she
ran instead.”
We had watched the video of Matt and my wife in my bedroom when we
first arrived thirty minutes ago, I’ve watched it more times than I can count
by now. You would think that I’d realize that there is no evidence to tell me
where she went.
But the video didn’t change my mind about the situation she’s left us in. I
don’t give a shit how upset she is with me; she’s still going to pay for this.
So will Matt, but he’ll come later. Right now, she’s my main priority.
Phil runs his hands down his face, letting out a deep breath. “Find her.”
His eyes meet mine. “Find her and bring her back. By whatever force you
deem necessary.”
I nod once. I’d planned on it anyway, but thanks for the permission.
“Her biggest threats are those who want to hurt Ryat,” he goes on. “A
wife of a Lord is one who can be used against us. And it was just announced
to the goddamn world.”
Marriages inside the Lords are always to create power. Wives have been
kidnapped for ransom. Some have been raped, others murdered. Any of our
enemies can see what we have and take it. Doesn’t matter if the couple
loves each other or not. It still impacts our world. The wife is our toy and
also our weakness.
“She’s vulnerable out there by herself.” He stands and shoves his
computer off the desk. It crashes to the ground. “FUCK!” Placing his hands
on the surface, he breathes heavily. “We can’t go to the press with this. We
can’t do anything to let the public know she’s missing. It’ll bring a fucking
war on us. Someone could see her and then grab her before we even find
her.” His eyes dare me to argue. I don’t. “By the time we find her body, it’ll
be too late.”
He’s right. We can’t trust anyone outside this room. “I’m going to find
her,” I say calmly, finally breaking my silence. But what no one knows is
that I’m the biggest threat she’s got right now.
BLAKELY.
“YOU MAY KISS your bride.”
Out of everything I’ve done since I ran into Ryat in the hall of
Barrington, those are the most terrifying words I’ve heard.
Kiss? The thought just hit me like a brick to the face. The blow almost
knocking me out of my heels. We haven’t kissed on the lips once yet. I
honestly didn’t even think of it. That this had to happen.
He steps into me, his right hand cups my cheek, his eyes drop to my
parted lips and I suck in a deep breath when his chest presses up against
mine.
I tilt my head up to look at him. My heart hammers and beads of sweat
form on the back of my neck. Why am I so nervous? I’ve kissed a boy
before. Hell, I’ve even kissed Sarah before. But Ryat? Kiss my now husband
sounds too intimate—forbidden.
But I can’t stop it. It has to be done—it’s a tradition to bless the
marriage. Pressing his lips to mine, my eyes fall closed just as my lips part.
His touch is tender, his lips almost needy. I open up for him, giving the last
thing that I have to offer him and my body molds into his when his free arm
wraps around my waist, holding me tightly.
His tongue enters my mouth, gently meeting mine and I moan into his
mouth, wanting more. Needing that aggression that he always has. My
hands slide up his back, gripping a hold of his button-up and I cling to him.
Needing him closer.
But he pulls away, and I open my heavy eyes, disappointment coursing
through me that I hadn’t done that before now.
His eyes are already on mine and he licks his lips as if he needed one
more taste of me. His hand cupping my face moves to run his knuckles down
over my cheek when he whispers, “Now you’re mine forever, Mrs. Archer.”
“Miss?”
“What?” I blink, trying to get that memory of our wedding day out of my
mind. It’s been on replay ever since I left him.
“Can I get a Bud Light?” the man calls out, raising his hand to me from
his table.
I nod. “Of course. Anything else?” Get your shit together, Blakely! There
was a reason you left him.
He gives me a soft smile, his amber-colored eyes dropping to my tight
booty shorts. “A shot of you.”
Cute! After giving him a fake laugh like his joke was funny, I turn and
head to the bar to grab his order.
“You just got a new table,” Janett, the bartender and owner, nods behind
me.
Looking over my shoulder, I see three men sit down. “I need a Bud
Light,” I tell her, and she pops one open for me. Placing it on my tray, I give
it to the man and then go over to my new table. “What can I get for you
guys?” I ask, holding my round tray up against my right hip.
This is my life now. A server at a dive bar in the middle of fucking
nowhere. I’ve been gone for three weeks. No phone, no car, no access to the
outside world other than who I see in here, which is exactly how I want it. I
don’t know just how much the Lords reach goes when it comes to the police
or the feds.
But Ryat still lives in my head, and I hate it.
I left everything when I ran out of the house of Lords. I knew I wouldn’t
be returning. In order to escape, I need a new life. I had some cash saved,
but I wasn’t able to run back to my apartment and grab it, so until I could
get some saved up again, I needed a job that was going to fly under the
radar.
I applied, and Janett hired me on the spot. I think she knew by my white
satin dress and smeared makeup that I was running from someone. And, of
course, the fact I had no contact number or ID. She helped me out. I owe
her for that.
“I’ll have a Corona,” one of the guys calls out over the music. The
second one nods. “Yeah, that sounds good. Make it two.” The third guy puts
the menu down and looks up at me. His dark blue eyes drop to my white
crop top. It fits extra tight, pulling across the black bra I wear underneath—
classy, I know.
I’ve dyed my hair black with a cheap box from the dollar store just down
the road. I was trying to think of a million things I could do to change my
appearance in case my picture or name was plastered all over the news. But
to my surprise, that hasn’t happened.
Every day I’m gone, I feel more on edge. Like my time is running out. I
don’t plan on staying here much longer. I know I need to keep moving in
order to avoid my past. I already feel like I’m being watched. But I keep
telling myself that’s crazy. If Ryat was here and knew where I was, he’d
make himself known. He doesn’t have enough patience to hide in the
shadows and watch me.
“What’s your name?” he asks, placing his forearms on the table, leaning
in.
“Rae,” I give him my middle name. Still wanting to be careful. That’s
what everyone calls me here anyway.
“Rae.” He runs his tongue across his white teeth. “Well, what do you
suggest, Rae?”
“Depends on what you like.” I shrug. We’re not that experimental with
drinks here. The clientele usually prefers the norm. I’m not going to go over
the entire list when it’s sitting right in front of him.
“I like you.” He sits back in his seat, his eyes dropping to my shorts like
the last guy, and I have to refrain from rolling my eyes. This is how I make
my tips.
“Stop, man.” His friend slaps him in the arm, laughing. “She’s probably
got a boyfriend.”
A husband actually.
If I’m lucky, he’s given me an annulment, but I highly doubt it. Ryat is
more the type to have fake papers drawn up about an excruciating death on
my behalf. That’s the least that motherfucker could do for me.
“So?” The guy chuckles at his friend. “What do you say, sexy momma?
Go out with me after your shift?”
Momma? Does that really work for men? “I don’t get off until three,” I
inform him. The fact that he thinks I would cheat on my imaginary
boyfriend is insult enough. It’s clear he just wants to fuck. No one goes on a
date at three in the morning.
Not going to say I haven’t thought of it. Going from as much sex as Ryat
and I were having to fucking nothing sucks ass. This morning, I had to lay
flat in the bathtub and spread my legs for the damn faucet to hit it just right
while on full blast. I have nothing to get me off, and I can’t seem to get it
done with my fingers. It’s frustrating, to say the least.
“That’s fine.” He links his hands together and places them behind his
head, smirking up at me. “I’ll wait until you get off. Then we’ll get off.”
“What do you want to drink, sir?” I ask, holding in a sigh.
His friend’s laughter grows. “Dude, just order your fucking drink and
leave her alone.”
“Surprise me,” he finally says.
Giving them my back, I make my way over to the bar. “Three Coronas,
please.”
She nods and turns to get the beers for me, and he floods my memories
like usual.
“Ryat!” I squeal when he bends down and sweeps me off my feet,
cradling me in his arms in the middle of the driveway. “What are you …?”
“It’s tradition to carry your wife over the threshold,” he informs me,
entering the cabin.
I smile up at him. “Never thought you’d be the kind of guy who cares
about tradition.”
Entering the bedroom, he tosses me onto the bed and before I can even
get up, he’s straddling my hips with a hand on either side of my head,
pinning me down. “I think you’ll find that I’m full of surprises, Mrs.
Archer.”
“Here you go.” She places the drinks on my tray, once again bringing me
back to the present.
“Thanks,” I mumble.
“Are you okay?” she asks, stopping me before I can walk away.
“Yeah,” I lie, and her light brown eyes look at me skeptically. “I’ll be
fine.”
“Look.” She leans over, placing her forearms on the bar top. “I don’t
know the story, and I don’t need to know, but I promise you’re better off.”

“I CAN’T LEAVE,” Janett says into her cell phone, standing behind the bar.
We’ve been closed for almost an hour now and are almost done cleaning.
“No,” she grinds out. “I have a few more things to do …”
“You can go ahead and leave if you need to,” I tell her.
She looks up at me, and I hope she’s not mad at me for eavesdropping on
her conversation. We’re the only two left here, and the music is off, so it’s
quiet at the moment.
“Yeah, okay,” she says after a long pause. “I’ll be right there.” Pocketing
her cell phone, she looks at me. “Are you sure?”
“Yeah,” I say with a nod. “No worries. I’ll lock up.”
“Thanks, Rae. You’re awesome. I’ll see you tomorrow.” She grabs her
purse out from underneath the bar, throws her keys on top of it for me, and
then storms out the front door.
I grab the keys and make my way to lock the front doors behind her from
the inside. Then I walk over to the bags of trash lined up in front of the bar.
I’m in no hurry to get back to my hotel room. It’s a shit place, but it’s
cheap. Again, under the radar. Takes cash. The lady next to me always has
visitors, and I’m pretty sure by the way her bed hits the wall, she gets paid
for her time.
Picking up two of the bags, I carry each of them awkwardly out the back
door into the alleyway to the dumpster. Setting them down, I push the lid
open and then throw them each in one at a time. Slamming it shut, I slap my
hands together to get the dirt off them and turn around to see a figure
standing in front of me.
Jumping back, I scream.
“Hey, Rae,” the guy from earlier tonight says, standing in front of the
door, blocking my only way back in.
“You scared me,” I breathe, my hand on my racing heart. “What … what
are you doing out here?”
“I’ve been waiting on you.”
I take a step back from him, my back hitting the nasty smelling dumpster.
We’ve been closed for over an hour. He’s waited this entire time for me?
“You need to go,” I tell him and try to step around him, but he steps to the
side, blocking me.
“Come on.” He smirks. “Do you really think I don’t know who you are?”
My stomach drops, but I try to fake it. “I don’t know …”
“You’re Blakely Rae Archer.”
My breath hitches that he knows my full name. My eyes drop to his right
hand, but I don’t see the ring that I know Ryat wears with the Lord’s crest
on it. Is this guy a member? “Did Ryat send you?” I ask, voice shaking.
His smile grows.
If this is a test, I feel like I just failed. “Just tell him you didn’t find me.
Please …”
Grabbing my top, he spins me around. He slams my back into the back
door to the bar, stepping into me. “Why would I do that?”
“Please,” I beg. I can’t go back. I’ve thought about it, but it’s been too
long now. Ryat would kill me. I have no doubt that I stepped over a line that
cannot be undone. And I knew the moment I decided to run that I’d be
running for the rest of my life. But it was better than the alternative. Ryat,
my mother, father, Matt, everyone made me a fool. A stupid, idiotic woman
who thought she might actually be worth something.
“What will you do for me?” he asks.
I swallow the lump in my throat. “I have some cash ...”
He throws his head back, laughing. “I don’t want your money, bitch,” he
snaps in my face, making me whimper. “No, I want what Ryat has.” Taking
a step back from me, he gives me just enough room to bring my knee up,
making contact with his balls.
“Fuuuccckkkk.” Doubling over, he grabs himself.
I push off the wall to run down the alleyway. But a hand fisting in my
hair yanks me to the ground. “Get off me!” I shout, kicking my feet out, but
he drops and straddles me, his weight pinning me down on the uneven, cold
ground. It rained earlier this evening, so the water soaks into what little
clothes I wear and my hair.
“Not until I get what he owes me,” he growls, wrapping both of his hands
around my neck and squeezing.
I arch my back, my hands gripping his forearms and my lips open, trying
to suck in a breath, but he’s restricting my air. My shoes kick the concrete,
and my face pounds like a drum. Tears fill my eyes, making his figure
blurry.
“I’m going to send you back to him in fucking pieces,” he growls,
shaking me.
Dots take over my vision, my chest heaves for a breath of air as my body
starts to give up the fight. My hands falling to the concrete beside me, and
my eyes grow heavy. Just when I think I’m about to die, his head is yanked
back, and I watch a knife slide across his throat. Blood squirts out of the
open wound, spraying me, and his hands loosen enough for me to get free.
Coughing, I crawl backward before his body falls to the ground where I
was just lying.
Trying to catch my breath, now wet and covered in blood, I look up at the
man who stands behind him, and my stomach drops. He’s much more
terrifying than the man who was just trying to kill me.
Ryat Alexander Archer has found me.
Ryat.
I STARE DOWN at her, watching those pretty blue eyes look up at me
from her ass in complete and utter shock. She looks just as gorgeous as I
remember. Her hair is darker, but other than that, she looks like the blueeyed, Barbie doll–face woman I became obsessed with. Blood now covers
her white crop top, neck, and parts of her face. I like the way it looks on her
—really brings out her eyes and red painted lips.
She’s sitting on the ground, and her big tits bounce while she pants,
trying to regain her breathing after the motherfucker was choking her to
death.
If anyone kills her, it’ll be me. I get that privilege. She’s my wife. I
decide when I’m done with her, and my cock stuffed inside my jeans
reminds me I’m not quite there just yet.
I lift the knife in my hand and run the blade across my jeans, wiping his
blood off both sides on my thigh.
She scrambles backward a little more, getting to her feet. She turns to
run, but Prickett and Gunner both stand at the end of the alleyway, blocking
her exit. She looks back at me, and then darts inside the bar through the
back door.
“Gunner, take care of the security cameras,” I tell him, and he nods.
“Prickett, you’re with me.”
I open the back door and step inside, knowing there’s nowhere for her to
run in here. We already chained the front doors shut from the outside. The
sound of them rattling makes me smile. At least she understands the
severity of her actions.
She looks at us over her shoulder, her hair slapping her in the face. And
she takes off to run, but Prickett grabs her, tossing her on top of a table
where she rolls off the side to the floor, taking a couple of chairs with her.
Lying facedown, she lets out a groan as she sluggishly tries to get up on
her hands and knees. But Prickett yanks her up, bending her over the side of
the table and pulling her arms behind her back with one hand. He reaches
into his back pocket with the other to retrieve his handcuffs. She begins to
regain some strength and starts screaming while she fights him, but he gets
them secure and cinches them tight to make her cry out.
I make my way over to the table and pick up one of the chairs that fell
over. Spinning it to where it’s backward, I straddle it, placing myself right
in front of where her head hangs off the edge. Prickett continues to stand
behind her, his forearm in her back, pushing her down onto the wooden
surface.
Lifting the knife, I gently press it to her forehead, and her body goes stiff.
I slowly run it down the side of her face, pushing her hair out of the way so
I can look her in the eyes. They glare at me.
“Hello, Blake,” I say lovingly.
“Just fucking kill me,” she snaps through gritted teeth.
I tilt my head to the side, running the knife down underneath the tip of
her chin, and press on the skin, forcing her to tilt her head up more in order
to keep from getting cut. “Why would I do that? I love you.”
She snorts at the lie, the action making the pieces of loose hair swirl
around her face.
Removing the knife from under her chin, she drops it a little bit, and I dig
into my pocket to retrieve her wedding ring. “I thought you’d want this
back.” I hold it up in front of her face.
“The only thing I want is a divorce.” She bares her pretty, white teeth.
The table rattles when she starts fighting Prickett’s hold.
I forgot how much I enjoyed this side of Blakely. Things were getting a
little too comfortable between us before she left. You know, catching those
feelings and all because she looked stunning in a dress. Good thing we’re
back on track now. “Till death do us part, Blake. And I’m not ready to kill
you yet.”
She starts fighting him harder, but he keeps her pinned down. He
removes his forearm from her back and instead lays across her, his hands
gripping her hair and yanking her head up. The action forces a scream out
of her, and I take the opportunity to grab the two pills out of my pocket and
shove them into her mouth before slapping my hand over it, sealing them
inside.
Her body thrashes, and I stand from the chair, kicking it out of my way.
Crouching before her, I place my other hand around her slender neck,
holding it in place but not restricting her air.
My face is inches from hers, and I watch tears start to fill her eyes when
she tries to shake her head. “It doesn’t matter if you swallow or if they
dissolve, Blake. The result is the same.”
She blinks, the action forcing the tears to spill down her cheeks to my
hand, smearing the blood of the dead guy I killed in the alleyway. Her
nostrils flare before she swallows them with my hand around her neck.
“That’s my good girl,” I praise, and she whimpers.
Removing both of my hands, I nod to Prickett. He lets go of her hair as
well and gets up off her, walking away to go help Gunner since we’ll be
leaving soon.
Standing to my full height, I roll her onto her back, pinning her cuffed
arms underneath her. I brush her hair from her tear-streaked and bloody
face. She blinks, her eyes growing heavy already. “I hate you,” she
whispers.
“I know,” I tell her, running my fingers down over her neck, then her
chest to her exposed belly. She’s lost some weight. It makes me wonder just
how much she’s gone without to keep this very situation from happening.
“But I also don’t care.”
Whimpering, she looks away from me to stare up at the ceiling, slowly
blinking as fresh tears run down the side of her face. “How?” she sniffs
before licking her lips.
I smile down at her, my knuckles brushing through her tears. “I told you
… you can’t run from me.” Leaning down, I kiss her cheek, tasting them.
Fuck, I’ve missed her so much. I haven’t slept much since she left, thinking
about what I’d do to her once I saw her again. Now that I have her, I want
to tie her down to my bed and remind her just how much she loves being
owned. “I’ll always find you.”
When she closes her heavy eyes this time, they don’t open. Her body
relaxes, and her breathing evens out. She’s got marks on her neck from the
bastard trying to kill her. What little clothes she wears are wet with his
blood splatter. I’m going to rip them off and burn them.
I place my arms underneath her, picking her limp body up off the table
just as Prickett and Gunner come out from the back. “Let’s go,” I order.
BLAKELY.
I SIT UP, gasping for breath. My hand goes to my chest, realizing I’m no
longer in my uniform, but now an oversized T-shirt. My eyes dart around
aimlessly, seeing I’m in a bed. One that I know all too well. The scent of his
cologne lingering in the room is like a cloud of smoke choking me.
He brought me back! The thought is crippling. I failed. Even though I did
everything right, I still managed to get caught.
“Good morning, Mrs. Archer.”
My head snaps to the left, and I see Ryat standing in the doorway to his
adjoining bathroom inside his room at house of Lords. I shove the covers
off and scramble out of the bed. My shaky legs have me falling into his
dresser, making it rattle. “Stay away from me,” I warn, my voice scratchy
from the mystery man choking me and whatever Ryat forced me to
swallow. My mind is still a little hazy, but I understand I’m in danger.
He chuckles, placing his hands in the front pockets of his jeans, looking
every bit of cool and collected as he leans against the doorframe. “That’ll
be hard since we’re married, Blake.”
“I told you I want a divorce,” I growl.
He pushes off the doorframe, and I run for the bedroom door, but he’s
faster, my body still weak, giving him the advantage to step in front of me.
His hand comes up, and I bow my head, whimpering, hands shaking.
“Shh,” he says, gently touching my face, forcing me to look up at him.
“I’m not going to hurt you, Blake.”
“Yes, you will.” I suck in a ragged breath. He promised me in the
beginning that he would. Turns out, he was right, and I liked it.
“Is that what you want?” he asks, his eyes searching mine and I swallow
nervously. I forgot how intense they can be. “You want me to punish you?”
“No,” I whisper, but my heart races at the thought. My body knows what
he’s capable of, and it’s missed him so fucking much.
“Are you sure?” His hand leaves my cheek, traveling down the center of
my chest over the shirt. “My cock has missed you, little one.” He leans in,
tenderly kissing my forehead, and I hold in a breath. “Has my cunt missed
me?”
“No,” I lie, my thighs clenching at the thought of him between my legs.
Even when I was terrified he’d find me, I still dreamed about him. I’d see
his face, hear his voice, and feel his body on top of mine. I imagined him
finding me, kidnapping me, and fucking me—just like we did with my
forced-sex fantasy—but I’ll never tell him that.
He frowns. “That’s a shame.” His fingertips circle my nipple, making it
harden at his touch through the shirt, and I realize he’s removed my bra.
Once satisfied with my body’s response, he brings his hand up into my hair
and slowly pulls my head back. “But just so you know …” He leans in with
his lips to my ear, and whispers, “You will get on your knees and open your
mouth. You will spread those soft and sexy legs for me. And I will take that
ass.” He pulls away, and his green eyes darken while drilling into mine,
making my pulse accelerate. “I will fuck my wife. Whenever and however I
want.”
I swallow the lump in my throat at his threat while my pussy pulses. I’m
so fucked!
He pulls away. “And as much as I want to remind you of that right now,
we’re late. We have a meeting.” Grabbing my hand, he yanks me out of the
room and down the hall. We enter an elevator, and he presses B for
basement. I yank my hand from his once the doors shut. I’m surprised he
stays silent. I figured he’d corner me in here, but maybe he’s said all he
wants to say.
“Where is my uniform I was wearing?” I ask him.
“Burned it,” he answers, not even bothering to look at me.
Motherfucker …
The door slides open, and we enter a hallway and move toward a closed
door. Opening it up for me, he steps to the side to allow me to enter.
Stepping in, I come to a halt. My legs are unable to take me any farther. My
father sits in a chair with a man I don’t know next to him.
“Blakely,” he growls my name and shoots to his feet.
I spin around to leave, but Ryat shoves me farther into the room, closing
the door behind him and caging me in.
“Do you have any idea what you’ve done?” my father snaps, rounding
the long table.
“Me?” I gasp, pointing a finger at my chest. “You sold me.”
He snorts. “I didn’t take a penny for you.”
I frown. “But Matt …”
“Matt was pissed because Ryat announced your marriage. He would have
said anything to make you leave,” the man who remains sitting adds. He
seems much calmer than my father, which makes me wonder who he is and
why he’s here.
No! Matt wasn’t just convincing, things he said made sense. Like pieces
of a puzzle that clicked together. But just to make sure, I spin around to face
Ryat. “So you didn’t offer money for me?”
He leans up against the closed door as if to block it in case I try to bolt.
Crossing his arms over his chest, he answers, “No. I did.”
My mouth falls open. I fucking knew it! “I’m not a whore, Ryat.”
He says nothing, but my father isn’t done. “I always knew Matt was a
sorry piece of shit. That’s why I forced Ryat to pick you as his chosen.”
I blink. He did not just say what I thought he did. “You what …?” I look
back at Ryat, and once again, he says nothing. Just stares at me like he did
when I was on my ass in the hall after I ran into him. Threatening and
indifferent at the same time. That playful and carefree Ryat from our
wedding night long gone. Back to all business. I’m just a fucking order to
him.
“But he chose to marry you,” I hear my father add.
“What?” I take a step back, so I can see them both at the same time. The
back of my neck is sore, probably from when Prickett was pinning me
down on the table. I’m tired of looking back and forth between my father
and my husband. “You make it sound like I should be grateful,” I snap at
my father. What does he expect me to do? Get on my hands and knees and
thank Ryat for marrying me so I didn’t have to spend a life with Matt?
Right now, I’m trying to see how Ryat is any better? Why did it have to be
one or the other?
“You should,” he demands, stepping into me.
A hand grips my upper arm, and I’m yanked to the side, and I hit a hard
body before Ryat places his arm around my shoulders.
My father lets out a long breath. “I’m not going to put my hands on her
like my wife did.”
I blink, trying to keep up with the change of topics. “How do you know
that?” Ryat had to have informed him of what happened. He’s the only
other person who knows.
My father waves a hand, dismissing me. “Now that you’re back, we have
shit to take care of,” he states.
“Like what?” I ask, my pulse racing. What could possibly need to be
done?
“You must be initiated.”
That word has my stomach knotting. “What do you mean?” I ask slowly,
pulling away from Ryat. Thankfully, he lets go of me.
“I mean, Ryat is going to be powerful—”
“Yeah, yeah, a renowned judge in New York,” I interrupt him. “But what
does that have to do with me?”
The other man stands from his seat. “Who told you that?” he demands,
his eyes glaring at Ryat’s over my shoulder.
“Matt,” I answer.
Silence blankets the room, making my breathing pick up. Was I not
supposed to know that? If so, what will they do now that they know I do. “I
haven’t told anyone,” I add quickly. “Ryat didn’t even know that I knew.”
“Is this true?” the man demands of Ryat.
“Yes,” he grinds out.
Shit! He’s mad at me even more now? Was I supposed to tell him what I
knew? “Why … why is that a secret?” I come out and ask.
The man takes his seat, glaring at me now. “Anyway, the Ladies have
different tiers, just as the Lords,” he goes on, totally ignoring my question.
“You will be as high as you can get. A Lady always matches her Lord.”
I reach up and rub my temples, closing my eyes for a brief second. “I’m
fucking tired, and a little slow from being drugged.” My eyes spring open.
“So, can someone explain to me what is going on instead of talking in
riddles?” I snap. What the fuck is a Lady? And what does it have to do with
Ryat being a Lord?
“You will receive a text giving you a name, a location, and a time,” my
father starts. “This will be the orders of your initiation.”
I snort. “I’m not joining this secret society!” They’ve lost their fucking
minds. “I want nothing to do with the Lords.”
The other man jumps to his feet once more. “You will do what we say—”
“Give us the room,” Ryat interrupts the man.
The guy storms out, but my dad takes his time. Coming up next to us, he
places his hand on Ryat’s shoulder. “I hope you know what you’re doing.”
Then he walks out.
“What is going on, Ryat?” I demand the moment the door closes behind
them. “And don’t lie to me.”
He pulls out one of the black leather chairs at the table and gestures for
me to sit. Rolling my eyes, I plop down into it. Ryat pulls out the one beside
me and spins it so we’re face-to-face. Leaning forward, he places his elbow
on his knees. “We’re already married, Blake,” he reminds me. “If you don’t
get initiated in, then you are removed as Lady.”
My eyes widen. “We can get a divorce?” Maybe there’s hope after all.
“No!” he snaps, making me jump. Dropping his head, he runs his hands
through his hair. A clear sign he’s getting pissy with me.
Taking a second to get a good look at him, I see how tired his green eyes
look. I wonder if he’s lost sleep like me. I wonder if he thought of me like I
did him. “I don’t understand.” I soften my voice. “You just said—”
“You either kill or get killed,” he growls, interrupting me.
I laugh at that but stop when he just glares at me. “This has to be a joke,
right?”
“There is no way around it!” he snaps, jumping to his feet.
He can’t be serious. I must still be knocked out. Maybe I’m having a
nightmare. Or possibly hallucinating. “I can’t …”
“Yes, you can.” He nods. “I knew what you would have to do going into
this.”
“How could you?” I whisper, feeling my throat tighten. I was an
assignment that he tried to buy. And now I’m a Lady who has to kill
someone?
“We all make sacrifices in order to get what we want,” he states.
I stand on shaky legs, my hands fisting at my sides. Stepping into him, he
looks down at me, his green eyes the coldest I’ve ever seen them. It makes
me realize just how good of an actor he was and how stupid I am. “What
you don’t seem to understand is that I no longer want to be your wife, Ryat!
And I don’t want to join your stupid secret society. So, no, I don’t want to
sacrifice anything for you because I don’t want to be with you.” My heart is
hammering in my chest while the blood rushes in my ears at the lie. I can’t
let him see how much I missed him. I felt something for him the night of
the ceremony, but then Matt fucked it all up with what he told me. I hate
him too. Maybe Sarah was right—I was better off being in the dark.
Cupping my face, he sighs heavily. “None of that matters, Blake.”
Ryat.
SHE HASN’T SAID one word to me since I told her that what she wants
no longer matters. It was cruel, but it was the truth. I’m tired of hiding
things from her. She needs to know what goes on inside the world of the
Lords. She may not like it, but she will learn to live with it.
Blood, death, and secrets are what my life is made of. Hers will be the
same.
I quickly look over at her in the passenger seat of my W Motors Lykan
Hypersport. She’s got her head tilted to the side and her eyes closed. She
fell asleep the moment we left the house of Lords. I didn’t give her a very
high dosage when I found her last night at the run-down bar. I was angry
with her and knew she’d fight me every step of the way, so drugging her
was my best option to move her without injuring her. It was just a couple of
sleeping pills. On a normal person, they wouldn’t have worked that well,
but I was banking on her already being exhausted. I know my wife pretty
well by now. She wasn’t getting much sleep, knowing she was on the run.
Pulling into the driveway, I shut off my car, and she stirs. “We’re home,”
I tell her.
Opening her heavy eyes, she blinks. “Why are we here?” she asks,
looking around the wooded area.
“This is where we live.”
“No … my apartment …”
I get out and round the front of the car, opening her door for her. “You no
longer have that,” I say, grabbing her hand and pulling her out. “I moved all
of your stuff into the cabin.” After she left, I destroyed her apartment. Not
my greatest moment, but I was looking for the slightest clue on where she
might have gone. Once I managed to sit back and look at what I’d done, I
said fuck it and hired a moving company to pack up all her shit and move it.
I knew she wouldn’t be going back there once I found her.
She doesn’t say anything as we enter the house. I pull her down the hall
to the master suite because we both need a shower.
Entering the bathroom, I turn on the shower and then step in front of her.
“Lift your arms,” I order. She does as I say and places them above her head.
I remove the shirt I dressed her in and then shove my sweatpants and
underwear down her legs. “Get in. I’ll grab some towels.”
Walking over to the linen closet, I grab what we need and set them next
to the shower, then I quickly undress and join her. She stands with her back
against the wall, her arms crossed over her chest and head down. Her now
wet hair sticks to her neck and breasts. She sniffs as the blood runs down
over her body and disappears into the drain. I didn’t clean her up after we
returned to the house of Lords. I ripped her uniform off, burned it, and put
her in my bed, where I dressed her in some of my clothes and then waited
for her to wake up.
“Blake,” I say softly, and she looks up at me, tears running down her
face.
“You killed him,” she whispers, her lips trembling.
I was wondering when this would hit her. When she’d have a second to
stop and think about what I did in the alleyway behind the bar. At the time,
she feared me and was too concerned with saving herself. Now that we’ve
slowed down and the drugs no longer linger, what I did is coming back full
force. “I did.”
She sniffs again. “You slit his throat.” Her shoulders shake, and her eyes
go wide as her hands start frantically wiping the blood off her bruised neck
and chest. “It’s his blood …”
“Shh.” I grab her face and make her look up at me, taking her attention
off what remains of the man. “I had to.” She shakes her head, but I steady it
with my hands on either side. “Yes.” Pressing my body fully into hers, I
add, “He put his hands on you. And that is unacceptable.” I’ll kill any
motherfucker who touches my wife. It’s just that simple.
At the time, I was pissed at her but also relieved we had arrived just in
time. What if I hadn’t found her when I did? She’d be dead right now. A
second later and I would have found her body in that alley. It made me even
angrier with her. The fact that she ran put her life in danger.
She lets out a sob, and I pull her from the wall, hugging her. With one
arm holding her to my body, my free hand runs down over her wet hair
while she cries into my chest. “You’re safe, Blake,” I tell her. “I promise.”
“I’m sorry,” she cries.
I sigh, feeling every ounce of anger I had toward her fade. It’s just as
much my fault as it is Matt’s. I used her and then threw it in his face, so he
attacked me the only way he knew how—by going to her. It’s a game that
we’ve been playing ever since she became my assignment. But our
marriage upped the ante.
I have too much to lose now, and he knows it. Like my father told her,
she’s important to the Lords now. Matt can’t touch her, but he can have
someone else go after her. That’s the part that scares me the most. I’ve made
too many enemies over the years. Too many Lord members didn’t make it
through initiation since I started four years ago. How many of them were
denied because I beat them out?
“Ryat?” she whispers, pulling her head from my chest, looking up at me.
“Yeah?” I ask, my hand tangling in her hair.
“Thank you for saving me,” she whispers, her eyes giving me that same
look of admiration she gave me the night of the house of Lords party.
Before everything went to shit.
“Don’t thank me, Blake,” I tell her, my eyes falling to the marks on her
neck. I’d go to war for my wife. One man was nothing. “I’ll always show
up for you.”
Fresh tears spill over her bottom lashes, and I almost lean down and kiss
her but stop myself. Instead, I pull back and grab the soap off the ledge to
help clean her up.
She stays quiet while we both finish in the shower. I make sure to scrub
every inch of her. I even wash her hair before tending to myself. Once done,
I turn off the water and help her dry off. It’s like she’s on autopilot—here
but not really.
“I’m tired,” she says softly and then yawns.
And for once, I am too. I’m exhausted from lack of sleep, stress, and just
the feeling of the unknown. I walk out of the bathroom and pull the covers
back on my bed. She crawls in, naked with wet hair. I lie down next to her
on my back. Snuggling up next to me, she wraps her arms around me, and I
let out a sigh, closing my eyes.
I missed her so goddamn much. I didn’t realize that until now. I mean, I
spent every second of every day searching for her, but it was the fact that
she ran from me. Not because I wanted her. It was more of a you belong to
me thing and I will find you. Now, I realize it was always more than that.
My phone dings, and I reach over, picking it up off the nightstand. It’s a
text. Opening it up, I read over it, and my teeth grind.
Fuck!
Deciding to ignore it, I lock the screen and put it back before pulling her
into me and closing my eyes.
BLAKELY.
I WAKE UP and stretch my heavy limbs. My body is still exhausted, but my
head is clear. The lack of light in the room tells me it’s not morning yet. But
honestly, I have no sense of time anymore. I could have been out for three
days, for all I know.
Getting out of bed, I call out for Ryat but am met with silence. Deciding
to go look for him, I walk into the living room and turn on the light. He sits
in the middle of the couch, dressed in a T-shirt and jeans. His arms are
fanned across the back of the cushions, and in his right hand, he holds a
glass of scotch. I frown. I’ve never seen him drink before other than that
one time he and Gunner followed me and Sarah to Blackout. His hair dry
and spiked to perfection how he usually wears it. I remember lying down
with him after our shower, but he looks like he’s been awake for hours.
“Ryat?”
My eyes drop to the coffee table that sits in front of him. It’s got my cell,
my wedding ring and clutch—all three things I left on his bed when I ran. A
manila envelope sits on the end.
My heart beats faster at the sight of them. I thanked him in the shower for
saving me, and I meant it. If he hadn’t found me when he did, I’d be dead.
“What are you doing?” I whisper. “Come back to bed with me.”
He brings his right hand around, putting the glass to his lips, and throws
back his drink. His eyes meet mine and level me with a glare.
“You okay?” I ask, taking a tentative step toward him, already knowing
that something is wrong. Ryat doesn’t do well with hiding his emotions.
He gives a rough laugh, the sound making the hairs on the back of my
neck rise in warning. “Three weeks, Blake. Three fucking weeks!” He leans
forward, staring at the now empty glass in his hand.
I swallow, knowing it wouldn’t be that easy. He won’t forgive me. “Matt
—”
“Matt wanted you to leave me. Don’t tell me that you didn’t know what
he was doing.” He interrupts me. “We both know that you’re not stupid.
And instead of coming to me, you ran.”
I cross my arms over my exposed chest. “You lied to me. Why would I
go to you …?”
He stands and throws the glass into the lit fireplace, cutting me off. The
sound of it shattering makes me jump in surprise.
“Don’t get mad at me for a situation you put yourself in,” I shout,
uncrossing my arms. “You had a hundred chances to come clean. To tell me
what the hell was going on. You made a decision, and now you don’t like
the consequences.” Spinning around, I give him my back and go to storm
off to the bedroom.
“You’re right.” He sighs heavily.
His words bring me to a stop. Never in my life would I have thought Ryat
Archer would be the kind of man to admit someone is right other than
himself. Slowly, I turn around to face him, and he falls back down onto the
couch.
“Want to know what happened?” He fans his arms across the back again,
his legs falling open. His posture and narrowed eyes tell me he’s anything
but remorseful. “You started off as an assignment. I tried to decline it. Said
you didn’t belong to me. But that wasn’t an option. You don’t say no to the
Lords.” He tilts his head to the side, his eyes running over my bare chest.
“So, I followed you. Learned your routine.” He laughs softly. “Or lack
thereof. Then I made my move.”
My brows pull together. “What do you mean …?”
“You really thought you ran into me by accident?” He shakes his head. “I
put myself in your way, Blake. It was my way into your life. It was time for
you to see me. To want me.”
My hands fist at his confession. “You …”
“Gunner made sure that Sarah found that flyer. We made it just for the
two of you, by the way.”
No wonder I had never seen one before.
“I gave you just enough information to make you curious.”
Tears start to sting my eyes at how stupid I was. Not a goddamn thing
was by chance. It was all a fucking game. Piece by piece, he played me.
He smirks. “You were starving, Blake.” My heart sinks at his words.
“Matt turned you down for so long that I didn’t have to give you much to
keep you begging for more.”
The first tear runs down my cheek, and he watches it. Then he looks
away, pulling his lip back with disgust. “You’re not the only stupid one
here, Blake,” he adds. “I began to feel something for you.” He snorts at that
confession. “Because you looked good in a fucking dress. I thought, what is
wrong with your wife loving you? That maybe we’d have a chance after
all.”
I hate that my pulse quickens at that thought. That he could actually love
me. That’s all I’ve ever wanted. For someone to love me for me. Accept me.
I thought he had, but it was part of his game.
“Then you ran … and it reminded me what this really was. A job. My
anger trumped anything else I had felt for the briefest of seconds.”
Swallowing the lump in my throat, I step toward the couch again. “Ryat
…?”
“Earlier in the shower made me realize I’ve gone fucking soft on you,
Blake. Know why?” He doesn’t let me answer. “Because you cried.
Because another man tried to hurt you. That’s what I’m trying to protect
you from. I should be your biggest threat. But instead, I’m falling in love
with you.”
My heart hammers, and the blood rushes in my ears. I don’t want his
words to faze me, but they do. “Ryat …”
“I’ve been taught since I was young that obedience is important.” He
goes on as if he didn’t just admit to loving me. “That power and humiliation
go hand and hand. I’ve watched Lords break their chosen ones or their
Ladies to keep them in line. And you? You cry a few tears, and I go fucking
soft.”
“I’m sorry,” I say through the knot in my throat.
“Sorry isn’t good enough!” He jumps to his feet, shouting.
“Punish me,” I offer, taking another step forward.
He stares at me with a careless look in his pretty eyes. He’s gone. I’ve
lost what little ground we made last night. And I hate that my chest hurts.
That I even fucking care. He just admitted to me that it was a game. “Cute.”
He snorts.
“I’m serious.” I take another step, desperate to hang on to what I’ve spent
the past three weeks running from. Yes, he’s made mistakes, but so have I.
We’re not perfect. But he was right. I felt those same feelings at the party
before Matt came and ruined everything. Before I made the decision to
leave instead of trying to understand what Matt was doing.
His eyes drop to my bare legs and run up over my body, pausing on my
chest before they reach mine. “I’m no longer interested.”
Panic grips my chest at his confession. “What do you want, Ryat? Want
me to beg? Want to teach me a lesson?”
“No, Blake. I no longer want anything from you.” Leaning forward, he
picks up the manila envelope and stands. Walking over to me, he places it in
my hands, his cold eyes on mine. “Consider this your wedding gift.” With
that, he grabs his leather jacket off the recliner and walks out, the slamming
of the front door making me jump.
I plop down on the couch and open it with shaky hands. Pulling out the
papers, I feel fresh tears sting my eyes. They’re divorce papers. My heart
aches as I flip through the tabs and see he’s already signed them.
When I slam them down on the coffee table, the corner hits my ring. I
read the engraving on the inside of the band—till death do us part. I slide it
on my finger while my stomach knots.
How did we get here? This is what I wanted, except now it isn’t. Yes, we
started out with a lie. But I’m not innocent. I only became his chosen
because of Matt. Ryat was right. I ran when I should have gone to him after
Matt cornered me in Ryat’s bedroom. No matter how mad or confused I felt,
running from my problems wasn’t the answer. Even I knew they’d catch up
with me eventually.
Leaning forward, I place my elbows on my thighs, my face in my hands,
and swallow the knot lodged in my throat. Why do I care that he wants to
walk away? Is it the fact that I failed? I felt what he did that night at the
house of Lords party, and that’s why what Matt said hurt so much. Because
I thought I was finally getting what every girl wants—love and acceptance.
He chased me down. Killed a man for me. Saved me. That’s more than
anyone else has ever done. Ryat promised me in the shower that I am safe
with him. That he’d protect me. And then this? I refuse to let him off the
hook that easily.
Fuck him and these papers.
Standing up, I grip them and walk over to the fire. I toss them in and
watch my only escape plan burn.
Till death do us part, he once said to me. And I’m about to make him eat
those words. Walking back to our bedroom, I enter the closet and look over
my clothes that he had brought over from my apartment. I grab a T-shirt and
a pair of white cotton shorts. After getting dressed, I brush my teeth. I’m
rinsing out my mouth when I hear the front door open.
Making my way back into the living room, I place my hands on my hips,
preparing for a fight, expecting it to be Ryat. He’s come back. He’s changed
his mind too. I have no problem arguing it out with him.
“Ryat?” I hear a female voice call out his name as the front door shuts.
Then the last person I expected to see enters the living room. She comes to
a stop, and her wide eyes meet mine. “Blakely?” She gasps, swallowing
nervously.
My eyes drop to her heels and run up over the black trench coat she
wears, already knowing that she’s probably naked underneath. A black
leather designer bag hangs from her right hand. “What are you doing here?”
I demand, my skin tingling as the jealousy courses through my body. My
mind races to conclusions as fast as my heart beats.
“I’m here to see Ryat.” She gives me a smile. That surprised look no
longer on her perfectly done-up face. “What are you doing here?”
“I live here,” I say, lifting my chin.
She gives a laugh. “Well, you haven’t been here over the past three
weeks when I’ve been here.”
No! I don’t believe a damn word out of her mouth. Ryat is a lot of things,
but a cheater isn’t one of them. He’s nothing like Matt. And I refuse to let
this bitch get to me. I won’t make that mistake again. “You’re lying.”
“Oh, come on, Blakely.” She laughs, taking a step toward me. “You
didn’t possibly think he’d stay faithful after you left him, did you?”
I stay where I am, letting her come to me.
“A man like Ryat has needs.” She runs her tongue along her top bleached
teeth. “Needs that you weren’t here to fulfill.” Coming to a stop, she presses
her right hip out. “Someone had to keep him satisfied.”
“I guess I should be thanking you then, huh?” I ask, arching a brow.
“I should be thanking you.” She touches her pointer finger to the tip of
my nose, and it takes everything in me not to bite it off. “If you hadn’t run
like the scared little girl you are, Ryat may have never called me.”
I reach down, my right hand spinning my wedding ring around on my left
hand, and then I slap her across the face with everything that I have. I need
a release. A bitch fight sounds like just the thing to help that out.
Gasping, her hand shoots to her face as she drops—what I’m guessing is
her overnight bag—at her feet. Pulling it away, she looks at the blood from
the cut my ring left across her cheek. “Bitch!” she hisses.
“I’m sorry, did my wedding ring cut you?” I ask, giving her an apologetic
smile.
“You fucking bitch …” She charges me.

I SIT ON the couch, dressed in Cindy’s trench coat. After I was done with her,
I did my makeup and hair, then sat back, waiting for my husband to return
home from God knows where. I feel like this will be my life a lot—always
waiting on him. Not knowing what he’s doing or where he’s at.
Hearing the front door open and close makes me bite back a smile.
Seconds later, he steps into the living room, dressed in the same clothes he
left in, and comes to a stop. “What are you still doing here?” he demands,
his eyes looking over me. I watch them turn heated in a way that tells me
even though he’s mad, he’d still fuck me.
Good enough.
“I made you a drink.” I ignore his question and lean forward, picking up
the glass of scotch off the coffee table.
He just glares down at me, unmoving. I’m sure he thinks I found his
stash of drugs and am trying to knock him out or poison him. “Okay, then.”
I shrug and throw the burning liquid back. Some of it runs down my chin
onto my chest. “Oops,” I say, pulling the top of the trench coat farther apart
to give him a better look. “Wanna lick it off me?” I ask.
“What are you doing here, Blake?” he snaps. “I gave you what you
wanted. Take your shit and go.”
I smile up at him, refusing to let his words get to me. Ryat has challenged
me every step of the way, and now I’m going to do the same to him. “What
if I want something else?”
Reaching behind him, he pulls out his wallet and grabs a hundred-dollar
bill. “Need money to run this time?” He tosses it onto my lap.
I flick it off onto the floor like a pesky little gnat and ignore the insult
that a hundred dollars would get me far. Standing, I say, “I’m not leaving,
Ryat.”
He runs a hand through his hair aggressively. “Blake …”
“What if I told you I fucked a guy while I was gone?”
His teeth clench, shoulders stiffening. Exactly the response I was
wanting. “You didn’t,” he argues.
“What if I told you I fucked two guys?” I hold up my right hand,
showing him my pointer and middle finger.
“Blake.” He growls my name, making my heart race. He doesn’t
understand that he’s giving me exactly what I want. “You better be lying.”
“And if I’m not?” I ask, arching a brow. I’m baiting him.
Reaching out, he yanks me to him. “Then I’ll hurt you.”
I can’t help the smirk that spreads across my face. He doesn’t seem like a
man who wants a divorce. A man done with his wife doesn’t give a fuck
what she does, let alone what dick she’s been riding around on. “It’s only
fair, baby. You get pussy, and I get dick.”
His brows crease, confusion marking his gorgeous face. “What?”
I pull away from him and walk into the laundry room. I open the door
and reach in, grabbing the blonde who I tied up and tossed in there two
hours ago. Thank God she was actually wearing something under that
trench coat, or I would have had to dress her too. “Here.” I shove her
forward into him.
She trips and he reaches out, grabbing her before she can fall on her face.
Pity. “What the fuck, Blake?” he snaps, holding a crying and blabbering
Cindy. Thankfully the tape over her mouth keeps her somewhat quiet.
“Consider it your wedding gift.” I repeat his words and cross my arms
over my chest.
“What the fuck did you do?” he demands, yanking the tape from her
mouth.
“Ryat … Ryat, please,” she begs him, big crocodile tears running down
her face, ruining her once flawless makeup and dried blood from my ring to
her cheek. “Help me. She’s crazy—”
“Cindy showed up to get her nightly fuck—you know, the one she’s been
getting for the past three weeks while I was away—and was surprised to see
me here,” I interrupt her rambling.
He looks at me, his green eyes wide with disbelief. I can’t even begin
explaining the feeling of relief I have in my gut that he’s confirming what I
already knew. He hasn’t touched her. “Are you serious? You honestly think
I’m fucking her?”
I shrug. “It is what it is. Call it leveling the playing field.”
“You’re fucking crazy!” she screams, struggling in his grip. “You fucking
bitch …”
He slams the side of her head into the wall, knocking her out, and I bite
back a smile of satisfaction. Letting go of her, she falls to the floor, and he
steps over her to me. I stay planted in my place, not afraid of him. Not
anymore. My husband is powerful, but if I’m going to be a Lady, then I
need to raise myself to his level. I’ll start by going head-to-head with him.
“I haven’t had an affair,” he growls, getting in my face.
“She proves otherwise.” I point at the unconscious woman.
“So, you’re going to believe her just like you did Matt?”
I say the only words that I know will push him even further. “Well, Matt
wasn’t wrong.” He said that Ryat paid my father five hundred thousand, but
that wasn’t actually true. However, Ryat did offer that much for me. So, it’s
true enough if you ask me. The tracker in my cell, controlling who I talk to,
all that was true.
He steps into me, nose to nose. Bring it. I’m all in. I didn’t throw those
divorce papers in the fire for nothing. Ryat wants a Lady? I’ll give him a
motherfucking lady.
Ryat.
TRYING TO WRAP my mind around what I came home to, I shake my
head. “I haven’t fucked her in over three years.” Back before I took my
oath. Blake is the only woman I’ve been with since I joined the Lords my
freshman year at Barrington.
“Sure. And I didn’t fuck anyone while I was away.” She winks at me,
nibbling on her bottom lip playfully.
The fuck?
Giving me her back, she goes to walk off, but I reach out, grab her upper
arm, and spin her around. I grip her neck with my free hand. “You better be
fucking lying, Blake.” I will chase down and dismember any man who she
touched. Then I’ll beat that fine ass black and blue until she remembers who
owns it.
“Is that what you want, Ryat?” she goes on. “Want us to be open?”
“Absolutely not ...”
“You fuck who you want.” She tilts her head to the side, her eyes
dropping to my T-shirt and the sexiest smirk I’ve ever seen crosses her face.
“I fuck whoever I want.”
My hands are fucking shaking. My blood boiling.
“We can share … Maybe you want to watch another man fuck me.”
I spin us around, slamming her back into the wall. Her eyes close, and
her lips part, forcing a whimper. “I think those three weeks away made you
forget who I am, Blake. Let me remind you.” Picking her up, I throw her
over my shoulder and carry her off to the bedroom, where I toss her onto
our bed, facedown.
She giggles, and it makes my hard cock twitch with anticipation. I can’t
even think about the fact that I’m playing into her game right now. Blakely
knows what to do to piss me off, and she did it.
Opening my nightstand, I grab the handcuffs. Yanking her hands behind
her back, I tighten them around her wrists as tight as I can and hear the little
whimper she tries to hide. It makes me smile. I lean over her back and
whisper in her ear, “You wanted to be punished. Remember that.”
Then I stand and flip her onto her back, pinning them underneath her and
forcing a cry from her lips. It makes my hard cock twitch. Those three years
I had to abstain from sex was nothing compared to the three weeks without
her.
It was fucking torture.
Undoing my jeans, I pull my hard cock out and then undo the sash
holding the trench coat closed. I rip it open to expose her body to me, and
she arches her back, wiggling her arms underneath her to try to relieve the
pain. It’s not going to help her.
Crawling onto the bed, I spread her legs with my knees, and my hand
goes to her pussy. She’s wet. I knew she would be. She was already wound
up, just begging to be fucked.
I slide into her, no foreplay. A part of me wants to hurt her. After I finish
with her, I want her to still feel me between her legs. I lay my body on top
of hers, pinning her down even more, bringing tears to her eyes.
“I missed you, Blake,” I say honestly, my lips trailing along her jawline.
“And I’m going to show you just how much.”
My hips start to move, hard and fast. Our bodies slapping together.
She arches her back, a cry coming from her parted lips. I sit up, wrap my
hands around her neck and squeeze, taking her air away while I pound into
her soaking wet cunt. I watch her eyes grow heavy, and her lips turn blue.
Just as her eyes fall shut, I let go, and she sucks in a ragged breath,
coughing.
I slow my pace, feeling every inch of her wrapped around my length.
“Look at me,” I demand, gripping her chin to hold her face in place.
Her watery eyes meet mine. “If another man ever touches you, I’ll kill
him, Blake.” Lowering my lips to her cheek, I lick up her tears, tasting the
saltiness. “Painfully … slowly.” I kiss the corner of her parted lips. “It
doesn’t matter if you wanted him to or not,” I inform her. “And then I’ll
remind you that you belong to me.” I slam into her, forcing a whimper out
of her. “Do you understand me?”
Sitting up once again, I watch my cock slide in and out of her shaved
pussy. My gaze goes back to hers, waiting for a response, but her eyes are
closed. I slap the side of her breast, making her pussy tighten around my
dick. “Answer me,” I demand, slapping the other one.
“Yes.” She moans. “I understand.”
“Who do you belong to?” I growl, my hips picking up the pace once
again.
“You.”
“Fucking mine, Blake!” I grab her legs, my fingers digging into her
thighs, and spread them wide open for me, allowing me to go deeper. I slam
into her over and over again until she clamps down around me and comes
all over my dick.
I don’t let up. The bed bangs against the wall, the room filled with her
cries, her body now slick against mine. As I pick up my pace, my balls
tighten.
“Ryat …” She breathes. “Ryat, I’m not …”
I lean over and place my hand over her mouth. I silence her, knowing
exactly what she’s about to say, but I don’t give a fuck. Thrusting one more
time, I come inside her.
I wait for a second while she lies underneath me, body shaking and trying
to catch her breath. I pull out and fall down onto the bed beside her,
expecting her to yell at me, but she doesn’t.
The doorbell rings, and I sit up, rolling her body onto her stomach to
undo the cuffs. “Get dressed,” I order, slapping her ass, and then exit the
bedroom, knowing we’ve still got shit to deal with. Our fight can wait until
later.
BLAKELY.
I DRESS BACK in my T-shirt and cotton shorts from earlier before I exit the
bedroom and walk down the hallway to find Ryat sitting on the couch, my
father in a recliner and that man from the house of Lords in the opposite
one.
Glaring at Ryat, I take the couch but choose to sit at the other end. My
anger for him once again at a ten.
“Trouble already?” the man asks, amusement in his voice.
“Who the hell are you?” I demand, crossing my arms over my chest. I’m
mad that I lost the battle against Ryat. I challenged him, thinking I could
win, and the bastard still beat me.
“Blakely—”
“No, it’s quite all right,” he interrupts my father. “A Lady needs to have
some fire in her if she’s going to succeed.” His eyes slide over to Ryat.
I swallow nervously at those words. I forget that I have to prove myself
to the Lords, not just my husband. I have a feeling they’re going to be much
harder to sway than a man I fuck.
“My name is Abbot Archer,” he announces proudly, and my stomach
sinks.
Fuuuccckkkk.
“And I’m your father-in-law.” He stands from the recliner and walks over
to me. I look up at him through my lashes, and he reaches out, taking my
left hand. I hold my breath when he runs his thumb over my wedding ring.
“I’m guessing you didn’t sign the papers.”
“What?” My eyes widen. “How did you—?”
“She threw them in the fireplace,” Ryat answers, interrupting me.
My head snaps to look at him, sitting at the other end of the couch, but
he’s typing something on his cell.
“Good,” Abbot praises.
I look back up at him. “I don’t understand …”
“You passed your first test of initiation.” My father-in-law nods his head
once, letting go of my hand, and it slaps my bare thigh.
First test of initiation? I thought I was going to get a text with a name,
time, and address? No one said I’d be tested multiple times. How many
tests will there be? Ryat said I threw them in the fire. I did, but he had
already left.
“How did you …?” I trail off, trying to piece together everything that has
happened over the past twenty-four hours. I thought my mind was clear, but
I was obviously mistaken. I look around the large open living room and out
the floor-to-ceiling windows that showcase the dark night. He must have
cameras here. Of course, he does. I should have known. Matt said that they
are always watching. He made up those papers and got in a fight with me.
He needed an exit strategy and then once he left, he sat back somewhere
and watched me.
“You set me up,” I say to Ryat, turning my body on the couch to fully
face him.
He’s still typing away on his phone. Reaching over, I snatch it from his
hands and toss it across the room. The sound of it hitting the glass fills the
room, and I secretly hope I broke the damn device. His eyes narrow on
mine. “Blake …”
“I’m fucking talking to you. The least you can do is pretend to listen!” I
snap.
“Oh, I like her.” I hear Mr. Archer whisper to my father.
I stand, glaring down at Ryat. “So, everything you said to me in the room
earlier was a lie.” How am I supposed to know what is true anymore?
His jaw sharpens, and nostrils flare.
“You tricked me. Made me think you wanted a divorce. What if I would
have signed them?” Then what? That would have been considered a failure.
Would he have come home and killed me right then?
“You wouldn’t have.” He snorts, like it’s impossible for me to walk away
from him. I guess the fact that I burned them proves his point.
“What if I had, Ryat? Then what?” I shout.
He takes the two steps, closing the distance. Reaching up, he places his
fingers under my chin and runs his thumb gently over my parted lips. “If
you thought for one second that I’d let you walk away from me, then I need
to remind you who I am … again.” A smirk tugs at the corner of his lips.
My breathing picks up, and I pull away. The touch and words feel too
intimate for our audience. Especially since they’re our fathers. “But you
signed them,” I argue.
“I had to,” he growls, giving me his back. “It was an order from the
Lords …”
“The Lords?” I give a rough laugh. “How long will they control our life,
Ryat?” I snap, and he spins back to face me. “Huh? What will you do when
they tell you to leave me?”
“They won’t.” He shakes his head.
“How do you know that?”
“Because they won’t!” he yells.
“I don’t believe that!” I shout back. “And your loyalty lies with them.
Not me.”
“Blake.” He sighs, running a hand through his hair. “You don’t know
what you’re talking about.”
“Test me,” I say, holding my hands out wide. Let’s get this over with
right now. He can give me a test from the Lords, and when I pass, this’ll all
be over.
“I can’t,” he growls through gritted teeth. “Not in that way.”
“Are you serious?” I snap. “Everything has been a fucking test since the
moment I ran into you in the hallway at Barrington, and all of a sudden, you
can’t. That doesn’t make any fucking sense, Ryat!”
“Things have changed.”
“What the hell has changed? Because it all looks to be the same fucking
game.” The room falls silent after my outburst. I drop back down onto the
couch. Placing my elbows on my knees, I bury my face in my hands and
take a deep breath. “How am I supposed to prove my loyalty to you if you
don’t trust me with your secrets?” I look up at him, and he’s now standing
in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows. Bending down, he picks up his cell
and then shoves his hands into the pockets of his jeans.
“There is a—”
“No!” he interrupts his father, spinning around.
“What is it?” I shoot to my feet.
“It’s nothing,” Ryat snaps.
“You’re lying. And once again hiding something from me.”
“I won’t risk your life!” he screams, his face turning red.
Taking in a deep breath, I walk over to him. “You do it for the Lords.
Why should I accept it, but you not?”
“Because I chose this life, Blake,” he growls.
“And then I chose you when I burned those divorce papers. So I’m in the
middle—”
“Not anymore,” he interrupts me. “You will do your last initiation
because I’ll be there to make sure it goes smoothly, then you’re done. You’ll
be a Lady and my wife. That’s it.”
That’s not the end. Not even close. He’s in it for life, and it scares me to
know that they have this much control over it. “But the Lords will still call
you to do work for them.”
“That’s what I signed up for,” he agrees.
It just makes me even more nervous for our future. “What about what I
want?”
“I’ve told you before, and I’ll tell you again, that doesn’t matter.” This
time, his eyes look soft, almost remorseful as if it hurt him to tell me that.
I spin around and look at my father, hoping he can help me out in some
way. “Daddy …”
He raises his hand, stopping me, and my shoulders sag. “I’m afraid he’s
right, princess. I won’t put you in danger any more than you already have
been. This all started because of me, and it will end because of me.”
My breathing picks up. “What does that mean?”
He looks over at Ryat. “May I speak to you privately?”
“No,” I answer for him. “You can’t.”
“Sure.” Ryat ignores me and opens the sliding glass door. “Let’s step
outside.”
I go to run after him, but Mr. Archer stops me. “I must say, I had my
doubts about you.”
I turn around to look at him relaxing in the recliner. His right ankle
propped up on his left knee.
“I never was that big of a fan of Cindy.” He shrugs. “That’s why I didn’t
argue when he said he wanted you.”
At the mention of her name, I look around the room to see she’s no
longer here. Where is she? Did she wake up and manage to get free while
Ryat and I were having sex in the bedroom? That brings me to another
thought. Why did Ryat look so surprised to see her here when he got back
when he had obviously watched me burn the divorce papers? “Where is
she?” I ask, spinning in a circle, looking for her.
“Who?” he asks, tilting his head in thought.
“Cindy.”
“How would I know?” he asks, shrugging.
“Is this another test?” I swallow nervously.
He pushes himself up from the recliner and straightens his suit jacket. “I
think you need some rest, Blakely. A lot has happened recently.”
“No.” I shake my head. I’m not losing my mind; I lost a person. She was
right here. I had tied her wrists together. Put tape over her mouth that Ryat
took off and then slammed her head into the wall, knocking her out. “She
was—”
The sound of the sliding glass door opening behind me cuts me off.
“Abbot, let’s get out of here. Leave these two lovebirds alone,” my father
calls out, entering the house.
Coming up behind me, he places his hands on my shoulders and kisses
my hair. “I’ll call you tomorrow. Get some rest.”
Then, without another word, they both leave the house.
I slowly turn around to see Ryat leaning up against the now closed
sliding glass door. With his arms crossed over his chest, he glares at me.
“I’m not losing my mind,” I state as if he accused me of doing so.
He doesn’t acknowledge me in any way. Doesn’t even blink.
“She was right here.” I go over to the wall where she lay on the floor.
“You knocked her out. Then carried me to the bedroom.”
Again, no response.
“Where did she go, Ryat?” I ask him.
“Don’t worry about her,” he finally speaks, pushing off the glass.
“Ryat … she.”
“Blake.” He comes up to me and cups my face. “Don’t worry about it.”
Ryat.
I HATED THAT I had to force her hand with the divorce papers. I would
never tell her this, but a part of me thought she would sign them. She was
mad at me, and the Lords knew that. They wanted to test her, and I couldn’t
tell them no. She has to prove her loyalty to me just like I had to prove it to
them. So, I said the only things that made me think she’d want to fight me. I
needed to make her mad. Blakely likes the fight. I needed her to find her
backbone and stand up to me.
After storming out of the house, I drove a mile down the road and pulled
over, watching her on my cell with the living room cameras. I can’t even
explain how proud of her I was when I watched her throw those papers in
the fire with determination. It was more of a I’ll make you love me rather
than I love you, but I’ll take it.
Honestly, I’m not sure what I would have done if she had signed them.
But I was telling her the truth when I said I’d never let her go. I probably
would have thrown them in the fire, burning any evidence of her signature.
After I witnessed her set them on fire, I quit watching and headed to
Blackout. I had to meet with Ty. That’s a new issue I have to deal with.
“Ryat,” she whispers nervously. “Tell me.” Her hands come up to my
shirt, and she grips the material. “You have no problem making me prove
myself to the Lords, but you won’t allow me to prove it to you.”
“You already have,” I say, running my hand through her long, dark hair,
feeling how soft it is.
Her face falls, and her eyes drop to the floor. Stepping back from her, I
turn to go take a shower when her words stop me. “I knew you didn’t sleep
with her.”
Turning, I look at her. “How do you know?”
She takes in a shaky breath. “Because you’re nothing like Matt.”
“You’re right.” I growl, “I’m not.”
Walking over to me, she reaches up, wrapping her arms around my neck
and pulling me into her. “Now’s your chance, Ryat. To prove to me just how
much you trust me.”
I look away from her, my eyes going to the large floor-to-ceiling
windows that overlook the backyard and woods, knowing it hides my
secrets. “What if you can’t handle it?” I ask, my eyes going back to hers.
“You can’t decide to walk away if you see something that you don’t like,” I
say honestly. I won’t allow it.
“Who said I was going to leave?” she asks, tilting her head to the side.
“Wouldn’t you rather have a wife who knows who you really are and
chooses to stay than one who pretends you’re someone else?”
Letting out a long breath, I think about her words. She’s right. I’d much
rather her know who I am. A Lord is powerful, but he is also alone in a
world full of men. Chosen ones only know the sex and parties. Ladies know
more, but still very little. Most prefer to be in the dark, though. My father
has never hid who he is from my mother, but I’ve seen her leave the room,
refusing to listen in on a conversation he was having with someone else. I
don’t fault her for it. Some just don’t care to know what kind of evil walks
the earth.
Cindy would have been the same way—wanted to be in the dark. All she
would have cared about was the power and the lifestyle that my fortune
could have provided for us. That’s why I didn’t want her.
But Blake? I like that she wants to be a part of my world. Even though
I’ll never allow her to get too close. I can’t risk her life, but I can share
mine with her.
Making up my mind, I nod. “Okay.”
Her face lights up, and she bites her bottom lip to keep from smiling but
fails.
“But …” I add. “If at any point, I think you can’t handle it, I get to pull
you back.”
“That’s—”
“The deal.” I interrupt her before she can finish that argument.
Rolling her eyes, she says. “Fine. It’s a deal.”
“Come on,” I say, pulling her out the sliding glass door and walking
down the steps.
“Ryat, it’s pitch black out there,” she whispers like someone will hear us.
The closest neighbor is three miles away.
“It’s fine. I know where we’re going.” She stays silent while I take us
into the woods, walking the path that I’ve made over the years. Grabbing
my phone out of my pocket, I use the flashlight once the lights on the back
porch are too far away to find the door that sits in the side of a hill ahead of
us.
Walking up to it, I punch in the code and push it open. “Watch your
step,” I tell her, allowing her to enter first but keeping hold of her hand.
Once the door closes behind me, I bring her to a stop and flip on the light.
It lights up the staircase to the bunker below. This time, I place myself in
front of her and walk down the stairs with her behind me.
Once we hit the landing, I release her hand and flip on the other light, to
illuminate the room and turn to look at her. She comes to a stop, her small
gasp filling the large space. Her wide eyes scan the wall in the back—
chains, knives, and guns hang from hooks and sit on shelves. There’s a cage
to the right that’s currently empty. But the chair in the center of the room is
what gets her attention. Cindy sits tied to it with a black hood over her head.
She struggles in the restraints, her mumbled words behind her gag making
little sense.
I lean against the table, crossing my arms over my chest, and watch my
wife carefully. Her wide eyes are focused on Cindy. “How …?”
“Your father helped me get her down here while you changed,” I inform
her. She needs to understand that I’m not the only one who will protect her.
He made himself very clear when he spoke to me on the back porch before
he and my father left.
Eliminate any threat to his daughter. I had no problem agreeing to that.
She slowly turns, her eyes finally meeting mine. “All of this because she
lied about sleeping with you?”
I refrain from smiling at her innocence. That was one of the reasons I
didn’t want to show her this. Sometimes, I like how innocent she was when
she first ran into me. “That was her excuse for showing up, Blake.”
“I knew she was lying … but I don’t understand.” She licks her lips.
I push off the table and turn to face it. Picking up the black designer bag,
I turn it up upside down, emptying the contents out onto it. “This is what
she brought to our house.”
Blake walks over to me and looks at everything. She picks up a syringe
full of clear liquid. “But … she said she was there to see you.”
“She was there to hurt you.”
Looking up at me, she frowns. “What do you mean?”
“I bought that house two years ago, Blake. I’ve never had Cindy over.
She wanted you to believe that she had been there several times with me,
but that was a lie. Her sole intent was to hurt you while I was gone.”
Her frown deepens, and she puts the syringe down. “Then how did she
know where it was?”
I smile. “That’s a good question. Let’s ask her.” Walking over to her
sitting in the chair, I remove the hood from her head.
She immediately starts thrashing in it. Her hands are tied to each armrest
with rope, and her legs are spread wide, secured to each leg with zip ties. I
rip the tape off her mouth.
Throwing her head back, she screams, making my ears ring.
“No one can hear you,” I tell her.
She leans forward the best she can to look at Blakely. “Help me. Please,”
she begs. “He’s fucking insane.”
Blake ignores her and picks up a roll of duct tape that was in Cindy’s
bag. “What were you going to do with this?” she asks her.
“Did you hear me?” Cindy yells. “He’s going to kill me.” Tears run down
her cheeks as she desperately pulls on the rope.
Placing the tape down, Blake picks up the syringe. “What’s in this?”
“Fucking bitch,” Cindy hisses. “Listen to me!”
“Let’s see.” Blake walks over to us, and Cindy starts sobbing. Coming to
a stop, Blake looks up at me. “Does it matter where I stick her with it?”
I shrug. “Doubtful.” It’s probably a sedative of some kind. I can’t see
Cindy having the skills of a nurse to stick a vein. Especially if Blake was
going to be fighting back at that time.
“Okay.” Blake stabs Cindy in the upper arm with it, her thumb hovering
over the plunger.
“Wait. Wait. Wait. I’ll tell you,” she rushes out. “Just don’t do it. Please.
I’ll tell you. Anything you want to know,” she says through the tears
running down her face.
“I’m listening,” Blake says but doesn’t remove the needle from Cindy’s
arm.
“Matt told me where you live,” she cries.
“How did he know?” I demand. “No one has been out here.” Blake was
the first person I brought here, other than my father. Well, and now Mr.
Anderson.
She sniffs. “He didn’t say. Just that he knew you brought her here when
you were supposed to be in New York.”
“How the fuck did he know I didn’t stay in New York?” I bark, making
her flinch.
“I don’t know,” she whines. “Please pull it out.”
Blake removes the needle, and Cindy sags into the chair, softly crying. I
start to pace. How in the fuck did he know I didn’t leave? Was he …?
“He was watching me,” Blake speaks.
I come to a stop. “What do you mean? What makes you think that?”
She puts the cap on the needle. “That night at the house of Lords party—
in your room—he told me that the weekend you came home early when you
were supposed to be in New York, you had blocked my incoming calls and
texts from Sarah so I wouldn’t go to the house of Lords.” Her eyes meet
mine. “What if he was watching me and saw you come back and bring me
here?”
My hands fist at the thought of him watching her. I came home to
surprise her with her fantasy but what if I hadn’t come back? What would
he have done?
“We had sex outside. In the woods,” Blake announces nervously. “You
had texted me to come find you and—”
“What are you talking about?” I interrupt her.
She looks at Cindy who still quietly cries, and then back to me. “When I
called you. You lied and said you had to run into Barrington.”
“The part about me texting you,” I snap.
Swallowing, she repeats. “You sent me a text after the phone call. Told
me to come find you.”
“Blake.” I storm over to her. “No, I didn’t.”
“Yes, you did!” she argues.
“Show me,” I snap.
Sighing, she points at the stairs. “My phone is in the bedroom.”
BLAKELY.
HOW COULD HE forget that text?
“We’ll go get it,” he growls, grabbing my hand and yanking me toward
the stairs.
“It was me,” cries Cindy’s soft voice.
“What?” Ryat shouts, making her flinch.
She looks up at us through her watery lashes. “It was me. Matt was using
my cell phone. He texted you. He told me that Ryat had blocked his number
from Blakely’s. His calls and texts weren’t going through, so he asked to
use my phone. I didn’t know at the time what he was going to say to you.”
“No.” I shake my head, refusing to believe that. “It was Ryat.”
“What was the number?” he demands, turning to face me.
“It was …” My heart hammers in my chest when I trail off.
“What was it, Blake?” he snaps. Gripping both of my shoulders, he
glares down at me.
“It was a blocked number,” I whisper.
“Son of a bitch!” he shouts, stepping away from me. “Why in the fuck
would you think that was me?”
“Who else would it have been?” I ask, licking my lips. “You had sent me
that picture of myself in the library before.” Shrugging, I add, “You said
you were gone, but I saw your SUV in the driveway. Then when I went to
look for you out in the woods and saw you were standing on the porch.” I
know that was Ryat. He was the one who fucked me and carried me inside
the house. He had removed his mask, and we took a shower. Why would I
have questioned the text? “I thought you were playing around.”
“Motherfucker!” he shouts and turns to Cindy.
She cowers in her chair, dropping her face. He grips her chin and forces
her head back, making her whimper. “You knew he was here …”
“No,” she cries, tears running down her face. “He asked to use my phone
at the house of Lords party that night. I asked if I could go with him, and he
said no, that he’d be out late but would give me my phone back in the
morning.”
His grip tightens, and she sniffs.
“When he gave it back to me, I looked and saw who he had messaged.
There was also a video…”
“What the fuck was on the video, Cindy?” he demands.
With her head tilted back at an odd angle, she manages to try to look at
me, and he shouts in her face. “Answer me!”
“A video … of you two having sex in the woods.” She sobs.
He shoves her face away and walks over to the table, where he places
both of his hands on it and bows his head. His white T-shirt pulls tight
across his broad shoulders and back, showing me his taut muscles.
I stay frozen where I’m at, trying to understand what she’s saying. Matt
watched us have sex that night in the woods, but what if he saw more? Was
he sitting in the parking lot of my apartment complex when Ryat showed up
and kidnapped me? He had to have been, right? Otherwise, how would he
know where the cabin is? If so, does he have a video of that?
“I don’t understand,” I whisper over her sobs. “Why would he tell me to
come find him, knowing you were here with me?”
No one answers. Instead, Ryat shoves all her stuff off the table, and it
bounces off the concrete floor, making her flinch. Silence falls over the
room, and I’m pretty sure she’s holding her breath right now.
He slowly turns around, leaning against it once again. Crossing his arms
over his chest, he narrows his green eyes on hers. “One chance. How did
you know she was here tonight?”
She bows her head, her shoulders sagging in defeat. “Matt called me and
said that she was back in town. He knew you two were at the house of
Lords, and if I was going to have any chance with you, this was it.”
“Meaning?” he growls.
She lifts her head, her watery eyes pleading with him to have mercy on
her, but even I know she’s not going to get it. “Meaning, I was going to
have to get rid of her. But I didn’t …”
He pushes off the table, stalking over to her.
“No, Ryat …” she screams, her body thrashing in the chair. “Please, you
have to understand…”
He silences her when he walks behind the chair and wraps the rope from
her bag around her neck. He pulls it tightly, making her struggle in the
chair, her hands clenching and unclenching. Her hips lift while she tries to
fight the rope cutting off her air.
He bends down, his lips near her ear while his green eyes are on mine.
My breathing picks up when he whispers to her, “Look at my wife, Cindy. I
want her to be the last thing you see.”
I hate that I’m turned on right now. That the smallest piece of me
understands he’s about to bring hell down on anyone who wants to harm
me. I should feel for her, but I don’t. She knew that I was in her way of
getting what she wanted. And she was going to do whatever it took to get
him.
A part of me can’t blame her. I’d do the same.
Her fight grows weaker, her face drains of color, and her lips turn blue. I
watch her eyes roll into the back of her head, and her body sags while he
holds the rope in place, taking her life. The second one that I know of, for
me.
I want to ask how many have to die in order for me to live, but if Ryat
asked me that question, I’d say as many as needed.
He undoes the rope from around her neck, and her lifeless body just
slumps in the chair. Walking over to the table, he tosses it onto it. “Go to the
house. I’ll be there in a minute,” he orders, his back toward me.
“I refuse to take orders from you anymore, Ryat.” I manage to say,
squaring my shoulders. My husband just showed me who he really is. I
need to show him who I am.
He lets out a growl and spins around. “Blake …”
I rush over to him, my hands going to his face, and I lean up on my
tiptoes, slamming my lips to his, cutting off whatever bullshit he was about
to tell me. It doesn’t matter. There are situations where words have more
impact on someone, and this is not one of them.
He doesn’t hesitate. His hands grip my thighs, and he lifts me. Spinning
me around, he sets my ass down on the table.
Pulling away, I throw my head back, and he trails kisses down my neck
where his teeth sink into my sensitive skin, making me shiver. “Ryat,” I
breathe.
“Fuck, Blake,” he groans, ripping my shirt open, exposing my breasts to
him. “Fuck, you’re perfect.” His hand grips my left breast, and he squeezes
it, making me whimper. “Lie down,” he orders, slapping my thigh, and it’s
one that I don’t mind following.
Laying my back on the cold metal table, I shiver when he yanks my
shorts and underwear down my legs and tosses them over his shoulder.
Spreading my legs with his, he steps into me and unzips his jeans. When he
pulls his cock out, he’s already hard, and my mind wonders if it’s because
of Cindy or me. Did what he did to her turn him on? Or is it the fact that
I’m turned on by what he did?
“You, Blake!” Ryat growls. “It’s always fucking you.” He adds as if
reading my mind before he pushes into me, spreading my already sensitive
pussy wide to accommodate his size, and I cry out. His hand comes up and
wraps around my throat but doesn’t cut off my air.
“You’re still wet from my cum when I fucked you earlier,” he states, his
hips slamming into me.
My hands drop to the table, and I reach out, grabbing the edge on either
side of us to hold us in place.
“I’m going to fucking fill you with cum again, Blake. Every fucking time
your pussy will leak with it, wetting your underwear. A reminder I was there
and that it belongs to me.”
I understand his need to dominate me after what Cindy told him about
Matt watching me. Hell, that’s why I wanted him. To remind him that I’m
his wife. That no matter how much she wanted him, he belongs to me. But
I’m not on birth control. I didn’t take it with me when I ran. And I was gone
for three weeks. I tried to remind him of that earlier in the bedroom, but he
didn’t allow me to speak. “Ryat, I’m not …” His hand tightens around my
throat, his fingers digging into either side of my neck, this time cutting off
my words again and my air.
He looks down at me, a smile tugging at his lips. “I know, Blake, and I
don’t fucking care.”
I’d moan if I was able to, but his hand around my throat prevents that. He
picks up his pace, and my hands fall from the edge, my eyes growing heavy
from lack of oxygen. I let go, letting him have his way with me. I trust him
with my life.
He thrusts so hard that my head falls off the edge, and I see an upsidedown image of Cindy’s body slumped in the chair. Her face wet from her
tears, and hair a tangled mess. Her body starts to become spotty as dizziness
takes over.
My eyes fall shut, and the blood rushes in my ears, blocking out the
sound of his grunts. My body is floating, rising like a balloon. Higher and
higher to the sky. The pain making it even more pleasurable and the choice
to freely give him control.
It’s addicting, like I imagine a drug would be. I feel giddy, almost high.
My pussy clenches around him, and he hisses in a breath when my body
reacts, and I come all over his dick. That wave of heat rushes over me, and
he lets go of my throat.
Sucking in a breath, I start coughing but it doesn’t slow him down. I feel
a rush of blood and loss of the little focus I had left. He thrusts into me one
more time, and I feel him pulsing. He comes inside me, just like he said he
was going to do.
Ryat.
I LOOK DOWN and watch my semi-hard cock slip out of her as cum drips
from her wet cunt. I run my fingers through it and then shove them into her,
making her moan. “Gotta make sure she gets every drop,” I say, and she
rocks her hips back and forth on my fingers. She’s such a needy slut for me.
“Ryat,” she coughs out my name, still trying to catch her breath while her
body shakes uncontrollably.
“Shh,” I tell her, pulling them out. Leaning over, I kiss her flat stomach.
She tangles her fingers in my hair, and I kiss her soft skin again, trailing
down to her pussy. “I can’t wait to see you pregnant, Blake,” I whisper
against her skin, my tongue licking her cunt, tasting her and myself.
She whimpers at my words.
I’ve never really thought about kids. I mean, sure, I knew I’d have them
someday. But ever since she’s returned, it’s all I think about. Her swollen
belly and enlarged tits. I want Blakely Rae Archer pregnant with my child,
and I’m going to get it.
Throwing her shaking legs over my shoulders, I kneel on the concrete
floor at the edge of the table and stick my tongue inside her. Keeping my
eyes open, I watch her squirm before me. Her hands grip her breasts, and
she pinches her hard nipples.
My girl likes it to hurt a little. That’s what gets her off.
I don’t stop. I could watch her come over and over and never get tired of
it. I could say it’s a control thing, but it’s more than that. It’s the fact that
I’m the only one who has ever seen her like this. So vulnerable and unable
to control her cravings.
She’s become my obsession, but I know I’ve also become hers.
Her body thrashes on the table, and I reach around her legs, my thumb
playing with her clit while her hips ride my face. She arches her back, her
breathing picking up once again, and her thighs clench down around my
face, holding it in place, coming for a second time.
I suck on her cunt like it’s my own personal honey-flavored sucker,
filling my mouth with her sweet taste. Her body sags to the table, her legs
falling off my shoulders. Pulling away, I lean over the table, standing over
her body, and grip her face. She looks up at me through heavy eyes. They’re
still unfocused from my hand around her throat, restricting her air.
Squeezing her cheeks, she understands what I want and the tip of her pink
tongue darts out, slowly running across her lips before she parts them for
me, opening wide. Leaning down, I spit into her mouth.
“Taste yourself,” I order, watching her cum slide down her tongue to the
back of her throat. Closing her lips, she swallows, and I press my lips to
hers, wanting another taste.
She moans, her tongue meeting mine for a quick kiss before I pull away
and she sucks in a breath.
Reaching up, I grab the back of my shirt and rip it up over my head.
“Here, you need to wear something while I carry you to the house.”
She lets me help her sit up, and I place my shirt over her head. Now that I
know Matt is aware of where we live, I need to make sure she’s never
outside uncovered, no matter what time of the day or night it is. This also
means I need blackout curtains for all the windows in the living room. Too
many opportunities for him to watch her.
He could be sitting outside right now because he knew Cindy was here.
“Fuck!” I hiss. I had forgotten about her.
“What?” Blake asks, her body tensing.
“I’ll take care of it,” I tell her, yanking the shirt down to cover her.
“Of what?” she asks, and then her eyes fall on the dead girl in the room.
“I want to help you.”
“Blake …”
“Ryat, let me help you.”
Letting out a sigh, I nod. I can’t leave her here alone anyway. I have to
take care of a couple of things tonight. She doesn’t know it, but I’m about
to test her again. Only difference is this time I won’t blame her if she
doesn’t pass. “Okay. We have to go get my SUV first.”

I’M DRIVING DOWN the two-lane road, my headlights illuminating what’s
ahead when my cell goes off, and I pick it up to check it really quick.
Ready!
Exactly what I wanted to see. I had made a phone call while I had Blake
pack a bag for us. We’re not going back to the cabin tonight, possibly not
for a while. I exit the text from Gunner and drop it back into my lap. Pulling
off the main road, I turn into the open gate.
“What are we doing here?” Blake asks, sitting up straighter.
“Taking care of business,” I say vaguely. She’ll find out soon enough.
The cathedral comes into view, and I pull into a parking spot. We’re the
only ones here right now. “Come on.” I turn off the SUV.
Getting out, we both go to the back of the vehicle, and I open the hatch.
“Take this.” I hand Blake a shovel. Then I grab the body wrapped in plastic
and throw it over my shoulder. “You okay?” Looking over at her, I make
sure she doesn’t want to bolt or stay here instead of following me.
She nods in answer.
Adjusting the weight on my shoulder, I start walking away from the SUV
and to the side of the building. Blake follows me silently around to the
back. We pass the spot where I first fucked her after the vow ceremony and
keep going. It’s getting darker the farther we get from the cathedral.
“Almost there,” I tell her.
Coming up to an old wrought-iron gate, I stop. “Open that, please,” I ask
her.
She rushes past me and removes the broken lock and pushes it open, the
creaking sound making her flinch, and she quickly looks around as if
someone will hear it.
We enter the graveyard, and I walk over to the right, where I know
there’s a spot. Dropping the body to the ground, I reach out for the shovel.
Blake hands it to me, not saying a word, and I start digging.
BLAKELY.
RYAT GRUNTS, PUSHING the end of the shovel into the ground and then stomps
on it, digging a grave. It only took me a second to figure out why we’re
here.
Looking out over the graveyard, I see most of the headstones are the
same—small with nothing but a first and last name and the dates they were
born and died. No beloved father, or loving mother … nothing further
mentioned like you usually see. Some are completely blank.
“What is this place?” I ask him.
“An old burial ground,” he answers, shoving the tip in again before
tossing the excess dirt to the side.
“Why are we burying her here?” I wonder. “Aren’t you afraid someone
will find her?” They use the cathedral for the vow ceremony, but it could be
for more things for all I know.
“Lords, chosen ones, and Ladies are buried here ... Well, that’s not the
total truth. It’s more complicated than that.” He stops digging and looks up
at me. His eyes look a darker shade of green with only the moonlight. Or
maybe I’m just seeing them that way because of what I just witnessed him
do to Cindy.
“Mostly members who betray their oath, but if a member has to kill
someone, they too are buried here. If a member dies of natural causes, then
they are buried wherever they want.” He shrugs carelessly, going back to
digging. “Or cremated. They get the privilege of choosing before they die.”
I bite my bottom lip. “How many have you buried here?”
Stopping again, he shoves the tip into the ground and places his forearm
on it, using it for support. I can see a small shine on his forehead where he’s
started to sweat from the work. “Seven.”
I swallow and nod my head. “How many of them were Lords?”
“About half.”
Why would he kill someone who isn’t a Lord? Was he ordered to kill
them? I know the guy who was trying to kill me wasn’t a Lord, and he slit
his throat. So, that’s at least one that I know of. If that guy was brought
back and buried here. “How many of those were women?” I wonder.
“This is the first. Any more questions?” he asks, arching a dark brow, and
I shake my head.
I understand he’s tired. I’m fucking exhausted. It’s been a long night, and
after what he did to me in that underground bunker, I want to go to bed. But
I didn’t want to stay at the cabin alone, not after what Cindy told us. Even
now, I feel like someone is watching us. But I won’t tell Ryat that. I don’t
want him to worry or, worse, think I can’t handle this life.
Finishing up, he tosses the shovel to the side and rolls the wrapped body
into the grave. Then he picks up the shovel again, covering it up.
I stand silently, rocking back and forth, arms crossed over my chest,
trying to keep warm. Before we left, I put on a pair of yoga pants, tennis
shoes and one of his hoodies.
Once finished, he throws the shovel over his shoulder, and silently, we
start to walk back toward the cathedral and to his SUV. But he surprises me
when he opens a back door to the building and pulls me inside.
We walk down a hallway to a door that he shoves open. It’s an office of
some sort. He tosses the dirty shovel to the floor and turns to face me.
“What are we …?”
The door opening behind me makes me jump, my heart starts pounding
in my chest, and I squeal when I see Gunner pop his head in.
“We’re ready,” he says cheerfully.
Ryat nods. “Thanks.”
Gunner steps inside, places a box on the floor, and then just stands there,
staring at me. My wide eyes go to Ryat. “What’s going on?” I ask him.
Stepping into me, he cups my face with his dirt-covered hands and licks
his lips. “Do you trust me?”
“Yes,” I say without hesitation even though my body shakes with
nervousness. Is this another test? What if I fail?
His eyes search mine. “I need you to go with Gunner.”
“What?” I shriek. “No, Ryat …”
“Trust me, Blake.” He nods to me. “I need you to go with Gunner.”
My stomach is in knots, and my mind runs a hundred miles with all these
different scenarios of what is about to happen. Why does he want to get rid
of me? Have I not proven that I can stomach what he does? What a Lady is
required to do?
“Okay,” I whisper, knowing there’s no fighting with him. And I wasn’t
lying. I do trust him. If he wants me to go with Gunner, then that’s what I’ll
do.
He leans in and tenderly kisses my forehead, then he takes a step back.
His hands drop to his sides, and I turn, giving him my back, and follow
Gunner out of the room.
I stay silent while I follow him down the hall and to a new door. This
cathedral is large, but I’ve walked this hallway before. Last time, I was
dripping wet, and my hands were cuffed behind my back.
Coming to a stop, Gunner pushes open a door. “Ladies first.” He gestures
for me to go.
As I step into the room, my body goes rigid when I see pews filled with
Lords. They’re all dressed in cloaks and masks while they sit silently. They
must have arrived while we were out in the cemetery because when we got
here, the parking lot was empty. It took Ryat a good hour to bury her.
Maybe even longer than that. All I know is I’m glad it’s warmer in here
than it was outside.
Gunner takes my hand and forces my heavy legs to walk to the first pew.
There’s already an empty seat on the end, closest to the aisle. I fall down
into it and look up at him, expecting him to tell me something that will help
me out with what’s going on, but instead, he gives me his back and walks
back out the side door, leaving me alone.
My legs start to bounce, and I nervously fiddle with my wedding ring
when I hear commotion on the second-story balcony. I look up and see two
men dressed in cloaks and masks dragging a woman into the center, where I
see a chair already sitting right at the edge of the baptism pool.
All she wears is a T-shirt and a pair of black underwear with a hood over
her head. She fights the two Lords, and it causes her already short shirt to
show her stomach. They shove her into the chair, where they proceed to ziptie her wrists to the wooden armrests, then quickly do the same with her
ankles.
I swallow nervously, looking around at the Lords sitting in the pews to
see a reaction as to what the hell is going on. But they could all be sleeping
for all I know since I can’t see their faces.
Is this another ceremony? If so, will I be next? What will we vow to?
The two Lords step away from her, and the one on the left rips the hood
off. My hands shoot to my face to cover my mouth before the gasp can
escape. It’s Ashley—Matt’s girlfriend.
My eyes dart around the stage, watching both men take several more
steps back and cross their arms across their chests.
The sound of a creaking door fills the room, and I look to my right. My
stomach drops when I see it’s Ryat. He’s not dressed in a cloak or mask.
He’s in his jeans, T-shirt, and combat boots. He’s filthy, covered in dirt, and
his shirt is wet from sweat while digging out back.
Slowly, he climbs the stairs to the second floor, taking his time like he
has all night. Ashley sees him and thrashes in the chair. Ryat comes to a
stop next to her, and I tense.
What is he doing?
Why would he hurt her? She should not be held responsible for Matt’s
actions.
Turning, he walks over to a table in the corner and picks up a knife. I go
to tell him to stop but cover my mouth with both of my hands before I can
get the words out. He told me to trust him. Maybe he’s just going to scare
her.
“Ashley,” he calls out her name, and she whimpers, pulling on her
restraints. The duct tape over her mouth keeps her from talking. “I assume
you know why you’re here?”
She shakes her head, tears running down her face.
He comes to stand beside her and rips the tape off.
“You sorry son of a bitch!” she screams. “Matt is going to kill you!” She
shakes her head back and forth, making her bleach-blond hair slap her in
the face.
“It’s funny that you think he gives a fuck about you,” Ryat says, and all
the Lords chuckle at that.
She bares her teeth at him. “He loves me more than he’ll ever love that
bitch.”
My hands drop from my mouth. She has to be talking about me.
“That must be why he wants her so much.” He nods his head. “To prove
to you that he loves you more.” Reaching out, he places the tip of the knife
to her cheek, and she turns her head away from it the best she can. “We’re
going to play a game,” Ryat tells her. “It’s called confessional. Fitting, huh?
I’m going to ask you a question, and every time you refuse to answer or lie,
I’m going to cut you open.”
“I won’t tell you shit!” she screams.
“That’s what they all say.” He runs the tip of the blade down her neck
below her ear, and blood instantly pours from the wound while the high
vaulted ceilings fill with her screeching cry.
“We’ll start with something easy,” Ryat announces. “Did you know that
Matt and Blakely were together when you met her at the house of Lords
party?”
“Yes,” she spits out.
I sit up straighter. She knew who I was? He had told her about me?
“Yet you still agreed to be his chosen before that night?” Ryat asks,
tilting his head to the side.
“He told me all about her. The bitch was obsessed with him.”
My teeth grind at her words, but I’m not sure why I’m surprised. Men
like Matt always make it sound like all women want them. I did because
that’s who I was allowed to want. If I would have had options, I sure as
fuck would have chosen someone else to date.
“She was desperate. A fucking hungry bitch who couldn’t take a hint,”
she shouts at him. “You should know, she married the first guy she’s ever
fucked.”
I think she was trying to make that an insult to Ryat, but he just smiles
down at her—proud of that fact he took my virginity.
My hands fist. I actually felt sorry for her, thought that maybe she didn’t
know what kind of man he was, but she knew we were together. Knew that
I was a virgin. How much else did Matt tell her? Sitting back in the pew, I
cross my arms over my chest, ready to listen to what he’s going to make her
confess.
Ryat.
SMILING, I MOVE the knife to her neck, and she leans her head back, her
chest rising and falling quickly with each breath. No matter how much of a
hard-ass this bitch is trying to play, she’s terrified.
“Moving on,” I say, “Did you know where Blake was when she ran
away?” I’m not going to waste much of our time. Gunner and Prickett got
the Lords out here for a show, so I’m going to give them one.
“No,” she growls.
I lower the knife, slicing a piece of skin off the top of her shoulder.
“That’s a lie.”
She screams, blood flowing down her arm and the chair as the piece of
skin sits on the floor by my shoe.
If Matt knew she was back and sent Cindy to get Blake out of her way,
then Matt had to have known where she was the entire time, which makes
sense. It’s just more pieces of the puzzle that I needed. Since I have Cindy’s
phone now, I have access to a lot of their secrets. All involving my wife and
keeping her from me. “Again. Did you know where Blake was when she
ran away?”
“Yes,” she manages to get out through a sob, dropping her head forward.
Now we’re getting somewhere. “How did you know?”
Sniffing and licking the snot and tears that cover her upper lip, she
answers me, “Matt told me he was going to talk to her in your room. And
that she would run out afterward …he told me to follow her and let him
know where she went.”
I hate how much Matt outsmarted me. I knew he told Blake those things
to get her to leave, but he knew exactly what she would do, and he wanted
eyes on her. I thought it was just the fact that she was leaving me, but he
wanted to know where she was when he knew I couldn’t reach her.
“You didn’t find that odd?” I wave the bloody knife in the air. “That your
Lord wanted you to follow his ex?”
“He … he told me that he just wanted to make sure she didn’t return.”
She yanks on the restraints, and I watch blood start to run from her wrists
due to the tightness of the zip ties. Her hands are turning blue. She keeps
clenching and unclenching them.
“But she returned,” I add. “Because I found her and brought her back.”
“No.” She shakes her head quickly, throwing her hair around. “She came
back for Matt.”
I frown. “What makes you think that?”
A soft sob comes out. “He told me so. Said that she returned for him.
That she wanted to divorce you …” Not a total lie when I dragged her back.
“And that I had to help him take care of her.”
Matt told Cindy that Blake was at the house of Lords—which was true—
and that if she wanted me, she needed to get Blake out of the way. The man
is just putting every bitch he knows on my wife, hoping someone takes her
out. Over my dead body! “That’s not what Cindy told me.”
Her head snaps up, and her wide, watery eyes meet mine. She doesn’t
know that I’ve already played this game with her bestie. “Cindy … no…”
I drag the tip of the blade down her arm, splitting the skin, and she
screams. “Try again.”
“Stop,” she sobs. “Please … you don’t understand.”
That’s also what Cindy said. “Explain it to me in the simplest form.”
Spit flies from her mouth when she speaks. “Blake had been blowing up
Matt’s phone while she was gone.”
“Another lie …” I grab a handful of her hair and shove her head forward,
running the blade across the back of her neck, making sure to only cut the
skin and not to cut too deep and sever her spinal cord. “Tell the truth!” I
shout, getting tired already.
She sobs. “I don’t know …”
I slice along the top of her bare thigh. I’m not stabbing her because I
don’t want her to die. Yet. I just want to make her feel the sting enough to
bleed.
My black combat boots step in the puddles of blood on the floor while I
circle her, leaving bloody shoe prints around the chair. Ignoring her cries, I
walk over to the table and pick up the cell phone that Gunner put up there
for me. Opening up a chat, I read it out loud.
“You know Ryat will look for her again, Cindy tells Matt,” I say, jumping
midway into their convo. No need to rehash the entire thing. She was part
of it, after all, so she should remember it.
“Yeah. I’m counting on it. This time, he won’t get so lucky. The only thing
of her he’ll see will be the videos I choose to send him. That was your
boyfriend, by the way.” I clarify to Ashley, who just sits there bleeding and
crying. “This is where it gets interesting.” I scroll down a little. “You join
the conversation, Ashley.”
“I can get you a sedative to give her. That way, you don’t have to fight
with her. Just one poke, and she’ll be out. You send with a sleeping emoji.”
“Don’t give her too much. You could kill her. I want her out, not dead,
Matt responds to Cindy about your lovely idea.”
“But how will I be able to get her to you? Cindy asked your boyfriend.”
“I’ll be close by. Just message me when it’s done, Matt answered.”
Lowering Cindy’s cell, I look at her. “Do I need to continue?”
Her eyes are narrowed up at me, and her lips pulled back, baring her
teeth. “You fucking ruined him!” Ashley growls. I’ve hit a nerve. Good.
Finally, we’re getting somewhere. “His chance at being a great Lord. Then
you choose his girlfriend? You both deserve what you’re going to get.”
“And you were more than willing to help him?” I ask, tilting my head to
the side.
“Of course,” she snaps. “A Lady stands by her Lord.”
“Aw.” I nod my head. “I get it now. He promised you not only retribution
but also Lady status.” Which has to be a lie because he was still planning on
marrying Blake. Lords are a lot of things, but they are still only allowed one
wife. Now they can fuck as many women as they want outside of their
marriage, but legally—on paper—they have one wife.
“She wasn’t even supposed to return. I stayed behind and watched her for
three fucking weeks for him. Day in and day out while she worked in that
run-down piece-of-shit bar and stayed in that nasty-ass motel.” She snorts.
“I told him I was done and was leaving to come back, and he sent Derek to
watch her.” She gives me a chilling smile. “He wanted to pay you back, and
she was the best payment Matt could give him.”
Taking in a deep breath, she places her nose up in the air, and I tap the
bloody knife to my thigh, her blood staining my jeans.
“So, fuck you, Ryat!” she snaps, and then her eyes look out over the
bottom level. “He’ll make her life miserable and make sure you get to
watch.” Her bloodshot eyes shoot to look up at me.
“This has been informative. Thank you for playing,” I say, knowing all I
needed to know. I actually was already aware of all of this, but I needed her
confession to kill her in front of the Lords. I grip the back of the chair.
“Your prize is death.”
“No … wait. Matt …”
I shove it forward, knocking it in the baptism pool with her still tied to it.
Her voice rings throughout the cathedral before her head goes under. Her
blood instantly turns the water red, making it look like red wine, and she
struggles in the chair as it hits the bottom.
I’m being a little theatrical right now. More than usual, but I thought it’d
be poetic to kill her how Matt almost did when he was in that water with
her for the vow ceremony. I should have never stood and stopped him. That
was a lesson I learned the hard way.
BLAKELY.
I FEEL NUMB.
I’m not even sad that Ryat tortured the woman or the fact that he looked
like he enjoyed it.
Sitting here, I realize that everything has been a lie. I mean, a part of me
already knew that but thinking it and having it confirmed are two very
different things.
Now I just look stupid. The entire time I was with Matt, he had someone
else. And she knew about me. She was in on everything, pretending that she
didn’t know who I was. Helping him when I ran. She kept tabs on me like
my biggest fan.
All the Lords stand and exit the cathedral one by one, and I stay planted
in my seat, unable to move. Instead, my eyes are trained on the glass that
showcases the inside of the baptism pool.
Ashley’s dead body is at the bottom, still strapped to the chair in the red
water. Every moment of my life over the past couple of months have been
tracked or forced in some way.
The only real decision I’ve made was to stay Ryat’s wife. He was forced
to pick me as his chosen. I felt forced to marry him to save myself from
Matt. Ryat said I wasn’t paying attention if I thought he wanted to divorce
me, but I chose not to sign those papers. I wanted to fight for him. For us. In
a world full of smoke and mirrors, he’s something real. We got here by
chance, but we’re still together by choice.
I can’t thank him enough for finding me when I ran. I thought Ryat was
watching me while I was away, but it turns out it was Matt. He had eyes on
me, and when he realized Ryat was getting close, he paid some piece of shit
named Derek to kill me.
“Blake?”
I blink, lowering my eyes and see a set of green ones looking into mine.
Ryat is kneeling in front of me. I don’t say anything. My lips won’t work.
He sighs heavily. Reaching out, he runs his thumb across my cheek, then
wipes it on his already bloody jeans. Am I crying? Not sure why I’d be
crying. I feel nothing for that bitch he just killed.
“Come on.” He takes my hand and pulls me to stand, but my legs give
out, so he picks me up, cradling me in his arms.
My head hangs off the side of his forearm, and I look up to see Gunner
and Prickett pulling Ashley’s lifeless body from the water. They’re still
dressed in their cloaks, but their masks are on the floor. I watch them cut the
zip ties, and her body falls onto the floor with a thud, then Ryat is walking
us out the door, and I can’t see her anymore. A part of me wants to watch
them bury her. It was satisfying knowing that Cindy was underground in a
graveyard where no one would ever look. I want that same satisfaction with
Ashley too.
Ryat places me in the passenger seat of his SUV, puts my seat belt on,
and then closes the door. I lean my head against the cold window while he
drives us who knows where.
I don’t even pay attention to where we’re going. His cell rings twice, and
he speaks to someone on his Bluetooth, but again, I tune it out.
Does any of it matter anymore—Life?
Matt wants me dead. Especially now. What if he succeeds? I want more
time with Ryat. I want us to have kids. Should I get that? Do I deserve that?
No. I’m no different than the ones trying to kill me. But everyone else is
also doing everything in their power to get what they want. I’m going to do
the same.
“You either kill or be killed,” Ryat had said to me once. I didn’t
understand how true that was, but I do now. It’s just a game, and who
knows who will still be alive once it ends.
Ryat.
I PARK IN the back packed parking lot of Blackout and get out. She hasn’t
said anything to me, and honestly, it’s got me worried. I grab the bag out of
the back and throw it over my shoulder before going to her door and
picking her up. I shut the passenger door, and the back door slams open to
the club as I walk across the parking lot. Ty holds it open for me and looks
down at her. “Is she okay?”
“Yeah,” I lie, trying to convince myself more than him. I keep telling
myself it’s just been a long night. Between our fight, a fake divorce, sex in
my bunker, and two murders—she just needs some rest.
The club is in full swing, but the sound of “Honesty” by Halsey blaring
doesn’t even seem to faze her. I carry her up the stairs and then in the
elevator to the fourth floor, down a long hallway where Ty unlocks a door
for me. “Here you go.” He shoves a key in my back pocket since my hands
are currently full.
“Thanks, man.”
“Anytime. You’re welcome to stay as long as you need to.” He closes it
behind me, leaving us alone, and I take us to the back master suite, and
straight into the bathroom. I need a shower. I’m covered in not only blood
but also dirt from digging a grave.
Setting her on the black marble countertop, I start undressing her, and she
remains silent. Her eyes are glazed over—she’s looking at me but not
seeing anything.
“We need a shower,” I tell her, and she slowly nods in agreement. She’s
listening, so I haven’t lost her completely yet.
Leaving her on the countertop, I walk into the Roman shower and turn on
the water. After getting undressed, I then pick her up and carry her into the
shower. I stand her on her feet but use my body to hold her up against the
white subway tile wall, letting the hot water wash over us, washing away
another night of dead bodies.
She blinks, her eyes focusing on mine. “There’s my girl.” I breathe out in
relief, running my hand over her wet hair and giving her a smile.
“Do you believe in heaven and hell?” her soft voice asks as I watch her
blue eyes fill with tears. “I’ve never really thought about it …” She licks
her lips. “But there has to be something better than this, right? So much
hate. So much deceit. How does anyone know what’s real or fake?”
“No,” I answer her question honestly. “I don’t believe in life after death.”
Her eyes search mine, and for once, I hate how vulnerable she looks—
almost broken. I want to make her whole. That’s my job as her husband.
She belongs to me, and Matt is still controlling her emotions—making her
question everything. “The Lords have shown me that darkness exists. That
you don’t have to die in order to burn. And then you came along …” I place
both of my hands on her wet face, and she blinks, allowing the first tear to
run down her cheek. “I can see you, touch you, and kiss you.” I wipe it
away with my thumb. “I can love you.” My eyes drop to her plump lips,
and her bottom one trembles. “You, Blakely Rae Archer, are my heaven.”
Letting go of her face, I pick up her left hand and bring her knuckles to my
lips, kissing her wedding ring. “I made a vow to protect you, Blake, and I’ll
show anyone who tries to hurt you my version of hell.”
I’d set the world on fire, including myself, if it meant saving her.
BLAKELY.
THIS IS REAL!
This is what I wanted. All along. Acceptance, love, understanding. What
if he’s right, and this is all we get? And when you die, you’re just … gone.
Eventually not even a memory to anyone.
I can live with that because I have him.
Wrapping my arms around his neck, I pull his face down to mine. His
hands slap the wall, leaving the smallest space between our lips. My eyes
take in his sharp jaw, the curve of his lips and green eyes—they look
different now that I know who he really is—sexier in a way that has my
blood pumping.
I know who you are, Ryat Alexander Archer. I’m not afraid of what I see,
nor am I ashamed.
His dark hair is wet, and some of the longer pieces have fallen down
across his face into his eyes as the water hits us. Leaning forward, he goes
to press his lips to mine, but I pull back just enough to meet his eyes again
and whisper, “I love you, Ryat.”
His lips capture mine, and I open up for him, letting him take control. It’s
passionate yet needy at the same time. The water falling down over us
makes our lips slippery, the kiss messy. His teeth hit mine, and I moan,
wanting them to bite into my skin, to fucking scar me so I’ll forever have a
reminder of tonight.
I thought I knew what love would be like marrying Matt. Not what I
dreamed of but tolerable. Ryat has shown me that there is more out there.
I’m no longer settling for something; I’m taking it.
One of his hands tangles into my wet hair, and I lift my left leg to wrap
around his hip.
“Fuck, Blake,” he growls, pulling his face from mine. His lips drop to my
neck, and I tilt my head to the side. “I love you so goddamn much.”
I suck in a shaky breath. “I love …”
His lips capture mine again, and his hand falls between our bodies. Then
he’s sliding his hard dick into me. Knocking the back of my head into the
wall, I gasp when he stretches me open. I’m still sensitive from earlier, but
I’m not going to turn him down. Not now. Not ever.
Ryat Archer is a killer, and all I can think of is I wish I could prove my
love for him the way he has for me. He deserves that much. Blood for
blood. He’s spilled so much for me. I’m not afraid to bleed for him.
I’m gasping, my hands digging into his skin, feeling his muscles tense
while his fingers dig into my ass, and he lifts me off my feet.
“Yes,” I gasp as he pulls out and shoves his dick into me, my back hitting
the wall. “Oh, God.” My eyes close, and he picks up his pace, fucking me
how I like it.
Water from the sprayers slips between my parted lips, and I swallow it,
trying to catch my breath. If this is what it feels like to drown, I don’t want
to be above water.
The bathroom fills with his grunts and the sound of our bodies slapping.
My legs tighten around his hips, and I lock my ankles, clinging to his
slippery skin. I can’t get him close enough, deep enough. I want this man to
consume me. Take what little pieces I had left of myself and make them his.
I’m not the type of woman who needs to know who I am. All I need to
know is who I am with him. And I know exactly who that is—his. Nothing
else fucking matters.
He slams into me, his dick hitting that spot that always makes my body
fucking burn from the inside out. My moans grow louder, my breathing
heavier.
He yanks me from the wall, only to slam me into the other one opposite
us, forcing a cry from my lips.
“That’s what I wanted to hear,” he growls. His mouth goes to my neck,
and I feel him sucking on my skin.
“Ryat!” I shout his name, my heart already racing, the fire starting. He
goes harder, faster, knowing I’m right there. Closing my eyes, I let the wave
wash over me, knowing that I’m already drowning. Why not let it wash me
away?

I LIE IN bed, listening to the pounding music below us. It’s not that bad but
definitely noticeable. “I need to go back to the cabin,” I tell him.
“You’re not going back there,” he states, entering the bedroom with a
towel wrapped around his hips. Water still runs down over his sculpted
chest and abs. His arms are red from my nails digging into them in the
shower.
“I have to get my books for classes tomorrow.” It’s Monday, and I have
to get back to Barrington. Fuck, I’m going to be so far behind. By now, I’m
failing everything. I’ve missed so much work, only for it not to have been
worth it. At the time, I didn’t care to go back, but that’s when I was going to
live my life on the run. That’s not the case anymore.
He was in the middle of knocking the water out of his hair, but he pauses.
A smile tugs at his lips, and then he starts laughing.
“What’s so funny?” I sit up.
“You’re done with school, Blake,” he announces.
“Excuse me?” I argue.
“You left. You think people weren’t going to realize you weren’t there?”
I never really thought about it to be honest. When you’re running for
your life, your college classes don’t really matter anymore. “So, what? I just
can’t not go back. Ryat, I need a degree.” And my parents will kill me.
Maybe that’s another reason my father was so mad at me for leaving town.
“Don’t worry, I covered it.” He dismisses it.
Arching a brow, I slowly repeat his words. “You covered it?” He nods.
“What the hell does that mean?” I’m going to need him to clarify exactly
what he’s done.
“Told everyone that we took a week off for our honeymoon.” He shrugs.
“We were newlyweds. It made sense.”
“What?” I gape at him. “What about the other two weeks?”
“I paid someone to step in for you. They will be covering for you the rest
of the year,” he explains casually. As if it’s no big deal for someone else to
go to school for me.
“Ryat …” I growl his name but pause, circling around to what he said
earlier. Did he say we? “You skipped that first week too?”
“I’ve skipped every day.”
I gasp. “Ryat! Why the fuck would you do that?”
“You expected me to go on with my life? Sit in fucking classes while you
were on the run and in danger?” he asks with a rough laugh.
I snort. “I was fine.”
His eyes go large at the lie, any sense of playfulness now gone. “Are you
fucking serious right now?”
Instead of telling another one, I cross my arms over my exposed chest.
“That man was going to kill you,” he growls.
“Because of you,” I spit out.
He stiffens, his eyes darkening. “Excuse me?”
How dare he make such an important decision for me? But I’m really not
sure why I’m surprised. I mean, look how we got here. “He told me you
owed him. That he was going to ship me back in pieces—to you. So, I was
only in danger because of you.” This isn’t news to him. Ryat just made
Ashley confess that a man named Derek—I’m guessing that’s the guy—was
sent to watch me. But I hadn’t told him what the guy said to me.
“He said that shit to you, and you’re just now telling me?” he shouts, his
face turning red.
I shrug carelessly. “You never asked. You were too busy drugging me and
dragging me back. Oh, and then I had to be tested. Because you know, the
Lords said it was time to put even more strain on our marriage—”
He reaches over and picks up a lamp, throwing it across the room. It
shatters, hitting a wall, cutting me off. Silence falls between us; the only
sound is the faint bass of the music from the club below us, and my
shoulders fall while I sit in the bed naked.
Turning around, he places his hands on the dresser and leans over it. I
watch the way his back muscles ripple—covered in scratch marks—while
trying to calm his breathing.
“I know it wasn’t your fault,” I say softly. It was Matt’s. Everything
started because of him. “You saved me—”
“It was, though,” he interrupts me and turns around. “How do you think I
found you?”
I frown. “I … don’t know.”
Running a hand down his face, he leans back against the dresser.
“Remember that night Gunner and I found you and Sarah here at
Blackout?”
I nod, scrunching my brow. “Yeah, but what’s that have to do with
anything?”
“A couple of guys hit on you two at the bar,” he adds.
I sit up straighter. “How did you know about that?” I never told him that.
Maybe Sarah filled Gunner in about our night.
“We were here upstairs, watching you girls and saw them approach you,”
he admits.
“How did you …?” I nod my head to myself. “My phone. You tracked us
here. I was wondering how you found us.” Fuck, I should have fucking
known. If I had just opened my eyes, I probably could have pieced it
together.
“Long story short, Gunner and I killed them,” he confesses as if no big
deal.
“What?” I gasp. “Ryat …”
“They had drugs on them, Blake. Shit that proved they were going to do
more to the two of you than buy you drinks,” he snaps, then releases a
heavy sigh.
“Did you find that out before or after you killed them?” I demand.
“After.”
“Jesus, Ryat.” I run a hand through my still wet hair. I understand they
might have hurt us, but he killed them before that. “You can’t keep killing
random people.”
“I will kill whoever touches what’s mine, Blake,” he states matter-offactly. Lowering his voice, he goes on. “They were here with a friend—a
third guy. He saw what happened and knew we took care of them. I didn’t
know at the time, obviously, that Ashley had followed you when you ran,
but Ty overheard talk in Blackout that the guy knew where you were. We
followed him. It made me think that Matt had told him, and he led us
straight to you.”
“No …” I trail off, trying to get my brain to put all the pieces together. It
had to have been the guy with the tattoo on the back of his neck. I never
saw his face that night here at the bar with Sarah, but it makes sense.
He nods, arguing with me. “Matt sent him when Ashley was tired of
watching you. He knew where you were. Maybe he didn’t care to go get
you at the time. He wanted to sit back and watch what I did when you left.
It was more about me at that point rather than you.”
“But … we just found out …” I trail off at the look on his blank face. He
already fucking knew all of this but wanted Ashley to confess in front of the
Lords, giving him the reason he needed to kill her. “I can’t believe this.”
“Which part exactly?”
“All of it,” I snap, glaring up at him through my lashes. “God, Ryat, how
many secrets are you keeping from me?”
“I don’t keep count,” he states, his green eyes on mine.
“Is this a joke to you?” I demand, throwing the covers off me and getting
out of bed.
“No. I take anything regarding you pretty fucking seriously,” he answers,
pushing away from the dresser.
I walk over to him, glaring up at him. “What else do you have to tell me
at the moment?”
“Nothing.”
“You’re fucking lying to me.”
He lowers his face to mine, a smile tugging at his lips, and says, “Prove
it.”
I go to slap him, but he catches my wrist with one hand and wraps the
other around my throat, pushing my back into the nearest wall. “Want to
give that another try, Blake?”
“Fuck you, Ryat,” I growl.
When he lets go of my wrist, my arm drops to my side as he steps into
me, his nose touching the tip of mine. “Don’t mind if I do …” His hands
slide up my bare hips to my ribs. “I can never get enough of you,” he
growls, his voice rough.
My heart starts beating faster at his words, but I’m still pissed at him, so I
say, “Good. Because you’re stuck with me until you die.”
Tilting his head up just a bit, he lightly kisses the tip of my nose. “That’s
all I want.”
“Aren’t you the romantic?” I say, trying to keep my breath steady. Not
wanting to show him that my thighs are tightening as we speak. All that’s
separating us is his towel. I’m already naked.
“Blake, I’ll be anything you need.”
Ryat.
ME AND GUNNER step down into the basement at Blackout. Ty gave us
the green light to use it and Gunner pointed out the two men who were
hitting on our girls. Now they lay on the concrete floor, bloody noses and
all.
“Thanks, gentlemen.” I nod to the two security guards who wear
Blackout shirts. “We’ve got it from here.”
They both nod and exit the room, walking up the stairs, leaving us alone.
“What the fuck, man?” One of the guys asks, getting to his knees. He
reaches up, smearing the blood on his face.
“Fffuuccckk,” the other groans, rolling onto his back.
“Like touching things that don’t belong to you?” I ask, arching a brow.
“What are you talking about?” The one on his knees gets to his feet.
“The two women you were hitting on at the bar.” I jog their memory,
since I know the bouncers fucked them up a bit before bringing them down
here. “The ones who you wouldn’t take no for an answer from.”
The guy snorts. “Fuck those whores …”
My fist connects with his face, snapping his head back. He stumbles over
the other guy lying down, making him fall back to the floor.
“Those whores belong to us,” Gunner states, leaning up against the wall
casually. “And no, we’re not sharing them with you.”
I’m not in the mood to get bloody tonight. Especially since Blake will
notice once I make my presence known. So, I walk over to the back wall and
remove the chain from the hook. Making my way to the guy who I punched,
I wrap it around his neck a few times and then drag him to the wall,
yanking him to his feet.
“What the fuck?” The other guy on the floor growls, getting to his feet,
watching his friend struggle while I wrap the chain around a hook on the
wall. I yank on it, pulling his feet up off the floor. “What the fuck are you
doing?” The guy goes to charge me, but Gunner pushes off the wall and
knocks him back to the floor.
“Where is your friend?” Gunner questions.
“Who?” he snaps. “You’re fucking …”
Gunner kicks him in the face, blood goes flying from his mouth. “There
were three of you at the bar.”
“Fuck … you …”
Gunner stomps on his hand, making him cry out.
Once I have my man secured where I want him, I wrap the chain around
the hook on the floor. Watching the guy hang there, I dig into his pocket,
removing his car keys, wallet and cell phone. “What’s this?” I ask, pulling
out a pill bottle. The prescription has been scratched off. But it’s not hard to
figure out what the white pills are—rohypnol. “You were going to drug
them.” I state. That’s why they were so adamant about getting them drinks.
“Hand me one of those.” Gunner gestures to another chain. I toss it to
him, and he does the same thing with his guy. Also removing his belongings.
We exit the basement and walk up the stairs to find the two security
guards standing there, making sure that no one came down to bother us.
“Give them an hour.” I say and they nod. “Let the bastards fucking hang
there.”
“Yes, sir,” they say in unison and nod.
Blake and I have been staying in the apartment above Blackout for three
days, and I hate it. I’m not one to hide out, but it’s been our only option.
I’ve had new cameras placed at the cabin and all around the property. I want
to watch them for another week to see if Matt is hanging out there. So far,
nothing. But he hasn’t been at the house of Lords. Meaning the fucker is
also in hiding. He won’t do that for long, so my question is, what is he
waiting on?
What is the opportunity he needs to make his move? And what the fuck is
that going to be? Will he take her away from me? Or will he just kill her
and leave her where her body falls for me to find? Either one is an option
he’s considering.
I hate not knowing, and Blake is starting to go stir-crazy. She wants out
of this damn club and back to the cabin. Doesn’t she understand, I’d much
rather us be alone in the middle of nowhere than here?
I just keep telling myself a little longer. Matt will get restless, and when
he does, I’ll be there to cut his fucking head clean off his body.
I stand on the balcony of the second story of Blackout and watch the girls
dance below. Gunner brought Sarah over tonight. I figured some drinks
would loosen Blake up and remind her that she’s not a prisoner here.
We didn’t bring much with us, so Sarah had brought her a dress and a
pair of heels. Of course, I didn’t approve, but she had nothing else to wear.
The moment I rip it off her later, I’m giving it back to Sarah. I’m surprised
Gunner hasn’t already burned it.
My cell vibrates in my back pocket, and I pull it out to read the text.
Tomorrow night; Blackout.
Shit! My eyes look back down at my wife, and she’s smiling with a drink
in one hand and her cell in the other. I made her take it with her. She stops
bouncing around and takes a drink before holding up her phone. She reads
over the text, her body going rigid. Then she turns and looks up at me.
Placing my forearms on the railing, I lean over it and stare down at her,
trying to look unfazed by what I just received. Honestly, she’s ready. My
girl has proven that she’s capable of taking on more than I thought.
The black lights bounce off her pretty blue eyes, and I can tell from here
how large they are at the moment.
Sarah taps her shoulder, but she ignores her. A second later, she puts her
drink down and heads toward the stairs. I push off the banister and go to
meet her.
“I got my text,” she says, now panting from running up the stairs in
heels.
“I know. I got one too.” Hers would be different than mine, but they
mean the same thing. It’s time for her initiation.
She licks her lips. “Ryat, what if …?”
“You’re going to be fine.” I place my hands on her shoulders. “You won’t
see me, but I’ll be here, okay?” She nods quickly. “Then you’ll meet me at
the cathedral,” I remind her, and she nods again. “Hey.” I pull her into me.
“It’s not until tomorrow night, so go back down there and have fun with
Sarah.” I can’t believe I just said that. I’d much rather us be in bed than her
shaking her ass on a dance floor for other men to watch. The big rock on
her hand doesn’t hurt, though. I wanted something that said fuck off—I’m
married, and my husband will gut you—from far away. I think I made the
right decision.
“Okay.” She reaches up on her tiptoes and presses her lips to mine. “I
love you.”
I run my hands through her tangled, sweaty hair. “I love you too, little
one.” Then she turns and heads back down the stairs, much slower than
when she ran up them.
Placing my forearms back on the railing, I watch her make her way
through the crowd and back to Sarah. Blake nods a few times, and then they
get new drinks.
“Aren’t you two the cutest couple?”
I look over to my right to see Ty has joined me. “She has initiation
tomorrow night. Here.”
“What do you need me to do?” he asks without hesitation.
“Keep an eye out for her.”
He nods. “Of course. Just text me when it’s going down, and I’ll make
sure I have all eyes on her at all times.”
Pushing off the railing, I reach out my right hand. “Thanks, man.”
“No problem.” He pulls me in for a man hug and slaps my back. “Come
by my office before you call it a night. I’m expecting a phone call that
might have an answer to your Matt problem.” Before I can respond to that,
he walks back toward his office. And I start to feel sorry for Ty. For what he
had and lost. I can’t imagine what he went through. I saw his rage. His
anger controlled him for a very long time until he realized he could get his
revenge. And he will—soon.
We always do. That’s what we’re trained for.
BLAKELY.
GUNNER FOUND US on the dance floor and took my friend away from me, so I
took that as my hint that I was done too. I make my way to the top of the
stairs to see Ryat still standing in the same spot he has for the past three
hours. Just watching me. And I’m hoping he doesn’t kill those two men
who came to talk to Sarah and me. They really were nice and just striking
up a conversation. They’d never been here and needed directions to the
nearest hotel after they left Blackout.
“Come on.” He takes my hand.
“Where are we going?” I ask when he doesn’t head to the apartment that
we are currently calling home.
“I have to talk to Ty,” he answers vaguely. Coming to an end of the
hallway, he punches in a code on the keypad with his free hand and pushes
the now unlocked door open.
Ryat enters and pulls me inside. I freeze when I see a woman slumped
down onto a couch. A man straddles her legs on his knees, his dick in her
mouth while his hands pin hers to the top of the cushion with one of his
while the other is gripping the hair at her crown.
Her eyes meet mine, and she starts mumbling nonsense around his
pierced dick. I look away, turning my body into Ryat, who stands next to
me unfazed like I am.
What in the fuck?
Why didn’t Ryat knock?
The man picks up his pace, and I hear her start to gag. Turning my head,
I look over my shoulder and watch him face fuck her roughly until he
shoves it all the way down her throat and growls when he comes.
Pulling away quickly, he slaps his hand over her mouth and orders,
“Swallow.” She looks up at him, blinking rapidly while tears run down her
face, smearing her makeup. She tries to shake her head, but he prevents it
and adds, “If you don’t, you’ll be licking it up.”
I look away again, my face heating with his words. Fuck, I’m drunk and
horny. Why are we in here?
“Good girl,” I hear him praise her, and she whimpers.
I know, girl. I get it. Why do we crave that? To be praised for something
that others would find degrading. I’d do some sick and twisted shit for Ryat
if I knew he’d praise me for it. I want to please Ryat all the time. And when
he tells me good girl, it’s like everything I actually did meant something to
him.
“Now, go back to work,” the man demands, and I hear him zip up his
pants.
The girl runs past me in a blur and out the door.
“Ryat,” the guy greets him excitedly. “That’s the second time you’ve
caught me with my pants down lately.” He chuckles.
Second time? Dear Lord, I thought it was bad he didn’t knock this time.
When will he learn his lesson?
“Guess I should start knocking,” he jokes, and I refrain from rolling my
eyes at him.
“Well, you know I love an audience.”
That makes sense. I turn around and straighten my shoulders, and the guy
now sits behind his desk. His black boots are propped up on the surface,
and his arms are behind his head, fingers intertwined with a relaxed and
carefree look on his face. He’s got facial hair, but it’s not overdone—more
like a five o’clock shadow following the curve of his sharp jawline. His
black hair— thick and unkempt—looks like he hasn’t cut it in a while. I
wonder if he has it that way on purpose or just doesn’t care. His baby-blue
eyes are on mine, and he doesn’t look the least bit ashamed that I was
embarrassed by what we walked in on.
“Blake, we finally meet,” he announces, giving me a smirk.
Should I know this man? I mean, I’ve heard Ryat mention him. I know he
owns Blackout and has loaned us the apartment above the club, but that’s as
far as my knowledge of him goes. I’ve pretty much stayed locked in the
apartment these past few days.
“Blake, this is Tyson Crawford. Ty, this is my wife, Blake.”
My heart immediately starts racing at his name. I look up at Ryat with
wide eyes, and he frowns down at me.
“Uh…” I clear my throat. “It’s nice to finally meet you,” I say,
remembering my manners. “Thank you for letting us stay here.”
Oh my God! Does Sarah know he owns Blackout?
“Of course, anything for Ryat and his wife,” he says, standing from his
chair and walking around it. Leaning back against the edge, he crosses his
ankles over one another and his arms over his chest. His eyes dismiss me
and go to my husband. “It’s all set. I have everyone who is on shift
tomorrow up to speed on the situation.”
I frown. What is he talking about?
“Thanks, man. It should go smoothly, but just in case—”
“I understand,” he interrupts Ryat. “You can never be too careful with the
one you love.”
“Yeah,” Ryat says through gritted teeth. “Anything on Matt?”
My ears perk up at that. This guy is a Lord, so he has to know Matt.
“No.” His response is clipped. “But there’s already word on the street—
two of my guards heard a few guys talking about you taking out his
chosen.”
Do you ever feel the air shift? Can you tell the moment that the vibe
changes in the room? Because I can at this very second. The air gets thicker,
the temperature hotter as the man’s mood shifts with the mention of what
Ryat did. Or maybe it’s just me. Afraid of what will happen to my husband
when Matt decides to make himself known.
Ryat smiles and lifts his chin a bit. He’s proud of himself. And a sick,
twisted part of me is proud of him too. This man will do whatever it fucking
takes to not only protect me but also love me. “He can’t hide forever,” he
adds.
“Yeah, well, Matt is a piece of shit and deserves to be strung up in the
middle of the cathedral where all the Lords can watch him slowly bleed to
death,” Tyson states, the darkness in his voice making the hair on the back
of my neck stand up.
So much so that I reach up and rub the skin like it’s going to help.
“Oh, I’m going to teach him a lesson,” Ryat agrees, his voice just as
threatening.
“I want to be there when you do it.” Tyson nods, the corner of his lips
pulling back into a sadistic smile.
“Of course,” Ryat agrees.
“Let me know if you need anything else, brother.” Tyson reaches his right
hand out, and Ryat shakes it. Tyson pulls him in for a manly handshake/hug
and slaps his back with his free hand. “You two get some sleep tonight. You
have a busy one tomorrow.
Ryat.
I UNLOCK THE door to the apartment. Stepping aside, I allow her to enter
before me, and I shut the door, locking it behind me.
“You okay?” I ask her. It’s been a long night, and she’s had quite a bit to
drink.
Nodding, she heads toward the master bedroom.
“Hey.” I follow her. “Talk to me.” I can tell something is on her mind.
“Tyson?” she asks about him, surprising me. Out of all the things that
have happened this week and what’s going to happen tomorrow night, I
doubted the man we walked in on fucking a woman was the last thing she’d
question.
“What about him?” I wonder.
“He’s a Lord?”
Well, that gets my attention. He doesn’t wear his ring. Not anymore.
Most don’t in public after graduation. Only when we have special occasions
at the house of Lords. Otherwise, we prefer to blend in with whatever
crowd were in. “Yes.”
“Is that how you know him?” she asks slowly.
I nod.
“Why does he own this club?”
I’m even more curious as to what she’s getting at. “Why does it matter
that he owns Blackout?”
“I thought being a Lord was all about power. This is just a club.”
I nod. “It is. But not all Lords prefer to sit in a high-rise office
overlooking a large city. A Lord can be anywhere. Ty chose to go
underground and work the dirtier side of things.” He always liked getting
filthy. He was ruthless. Top of his year. He could have picked any
profession, and Blackout was where he wanted to be. “Owning Blackout
has its perks for the Lords,” I assure her.
She licks her lips nervously. “I heard about him … at Barrington.”
I frown. “What did you hear?” It’s not uncommon for others to talk about
the Lords. Every man who attends Barrington wants to be a member. Not
because of the status you get while in college, but what you get once you
graduate and are out in the real world. And those who don’t make it like to
run their little mouths about things they think they know. That’s why the
Lords have us kill—it’s their insurance policy. If you get kicked out before
graduation, you’re not going to go run your mouth about it when they’ve
got leverage to bury you. I’ve seen it done before, and those sorry bastards
were literally buried alive behind the cathedral.
“That his chosen cheated on her boyfriend to be Tyson’s chosen—”
“Don’t believe everything you hear, Blake,” I interrupt her, reaching up
and removing my shirt. I turn and toss it onto the floor, not giving a fuck
about it right now.
Her hand grips my upper arm, and she yanks me back to face her. I run a
hand down my face, and she glares up at me. “You know what happened?”
Of course, I do. But I say, “It doesn’t matter what happened.”
“Ryat.” She growls my name. “Tell me. When you left me with Gunner
and Sarah, we looked up his chosen, and she doesn’t exist. No social media
pages. No record of ever going to Barrington. It’s like she was made up.”
I sigh. “She did, Blake.” The Lords can make anyone no longer exist. If
they want. And they wanted to get rid of her existence so fast. Honestly,
they failed Ty and her. They guarantee us protection as long as we are
faithful to our oath. That was not the case for Ty. But then again, can you
guarantee a life? I don’t think so. Not the type we live.
“Did?” she asks, wide eyes.
I nod. “Yeah, she never cheated on her boyfriend with Tyson. Because
she never had one. He was a stalker.”
She blinks, her lips parting. “A stalker?”
I nod. “Yeah.”
“What … what happened to her?” She stumbles over her words and licks
her lips, which I know are probably starting to go numb from drinking.
I can’t go into detail about what was done to her. It was hard enough to
witness Ty go through it, let alone retell it. Cupping her face, I say, “He’ll
get his revenge.”
Frowning, she asks. “What do you mean? On the stalker?”
I shake my head. “Sometimes, the best revenge is to go after something
that they love just as much as you loved.”
“I don’t understand.” She frowns.
Kissing her forehead, I pull her into me. It’s exactly what I would do if I
was put in the same situation Ty was. Only, I’d never wait this long. Being a
Lord teaches you patience, but even I wouldn’t have this kind of strength.
“Let’s get to bed,” I tell her, ending this conversation.
BLAKELY.
I WAKE TO the sound of a phone ringing. “Ryat?” I mumble, reaching out to
wake him up to answer it. It has to be his. No one ever calls me. Pretty sure
it’s because he’s got most people blocked. “Ryat!” I growl when it
continues to blare in the silent room.
My hands reach farther across the bed, and I feel nothing. Then up to his
pillowcase—still nothing. “What the …?”
Sitting up, I turn to get my phone to use as a light that sits on the
nightstand to see that mine is the one ringing.
Holding it up to my face, I shut my eyes because it’s so bright. “Hello?” I
ask through a yawn. When no one answers, I pull it away from my face and
squint to look at the screen. It says MINE, and I roll my eyes at what Ryat
saved his number under while I was away. “Ryat, what are you doing?” I lie
down. “Come to bed with me.” It’s got to be late or early morning. We
didn’t go to bed until after one, and I can still taste the lingering alcohol on
my tongue.
“Want to be my good girl?” he asks in that sexy, deep voice that makes
my pussy throb.
Closing my eyes, I stretch out my legs to his side of the bed, all but
moaning. Something about those words make my legs weak. Thank God
I’m lying down. “Always.”
“You know what a good girl is, right?” he goes on.
“Why don’t you remind me?”
“Okay.” I hear the smirk in his voice, playing along. “It’s where I get to
do whatever I want to you, and you take it.”
“Take it, huh?” I roll onto my back and stare up into the darkness, my
free hand twirling a few strands of my hair around my fingers. “In the mood
to hurt me?” I joke.
“Yes.”
The single word sends a chill down my spine, my nipples hardening, and
my legs spread open on their own. Taking in a deep breath, I say, “Big
words for a man who isn’t even here.”
He chuckles softly. “Oh, I’m here, Blake.”
“Where—?”
“But,” he interrupts me, “before we get started, tell me.”
Tell him what? My head is still a little slow, and my lips still kinda numb.
I had quite a bit to drink tonight before I passed out, and I didn’t even get to
sleep it off. Reaching up with my free hand, I push some hair back from my
face. “What exactly?” I just come out and ask.
“To have my way with you,” he answers simply.
Yes, please. “Have your way with me,” I say without hesitation, knowing
he’s about to fuck with me. And I’m all of a sudden not that tired anymore.
Of course, he’s not specific. Ryat wants to keep me in the dark, just like
when he kidnapped me, and we had my forced-sex fantasy.
“Get up, Blake. And get your ass down here. Now,” he commands, his
playful tone long gone, before hanging up.
Dropping my phone to the bed, I jump up on wobbly legs and rush to the
bathroom. I quickly brush my teeth and swish some mouthwash around to
try to get rid of the lingering taste of the rum and Cokes. Then I throw on
one of his T-shirts with a pair of underwear, not wanting to go down there
naked. We’re obviously alone, but I prefer to have something on instead of
walking through the club naked. Plus, I don’t even know where down here
is. I’m going to have to find him.
Opening the apartment door, I softly pull the door shut without allowing
it to latch because he has a key, but I don’t. I make my way down the single
hallway to the elevator at the end and step inside when it immediately opens
up for me. I press the bottom floor and silently wait for it to open.
I wring my hands in the shirt. They’re getting sweaty. I’m nervous
because you never know what Ryat will want. Especially here. Like is he
planning on fucking me on the dance floor? Bent over the bar? What about
on the stage where the bands perform for special events?
The elevator comes to a stop, and the door slides open. “Oh Lord” by In
This Moment starts playing. Listening to the words, knowing I’m about to
give my Lord whatever he wants, makes the lyrics even sexier. Something
tells me he picked this song as a warning. The flashing neon lights are on as
if the club is open, but it’s different being here when no one else is.
Stepping onto the dance floor, I look around at the empty bar and chairs
that round the tables. “Ryat?” I shout over the music. It’s louder than
normal, at least I think so. Maybe that’s the start of a hangover coming on.
Patting down the shirt, I realize I left my cell phone upstairs in the bed.
“Well, shit,” I hiss. When I look up, I throw my hair over my shoulder, and
my pulse quickens at what I see sitting back in a corner booth.
It’s darker, the lights not hitting in the spot, but I can still make out the
body that sits there. He’s dressed in a black cloak, and my thighs tighten
when I see the white on his face—he’s got his mask on.
He wants to fucking play!
The thought makes the blood rush in my ears in anticipation. The song
comes to a stop and changes to “All The Time” by Jeremih and Lil Wayne,
and I watch him slowly slide out of the booth, then step down onto the
dance floor.
I take a step back, and he stands there, tilting his head to the side. He
reaches his right hand out and grabs something off the table. His hand falls
to his side, and the lights bounce off the metal—handcuffs.
Fuck! My body starts humming even though I’m having trouble catching
my breath now. Noticing something else in his hand, it looks like a black
leather belt of some sort. No, that can’t be what it is. It’s too hard to see
with the lights constantly flashing.
I keep trying to blink, to try to focus, but in the next second, I realize he’s
been walking toward me this entire time, and he’s getting closer. Taking a
step back, he comes to a stop.
It’s a dance. Who’s going to move first? My heart is racing, and my
palms sweaty. I want him to chase me. That’s what I like, and he knows it.
And he likes to drag me back to him.
So, I give us what we both want. I turn and run like hell, knowing he’s
going to catch me.
Ryat.
RUNNING UP BEHIND her, I reach out and grab a handful of her hair,
yanking her to a stop.
Her voice rings out through the empty club over the music. “Not fast
enough.” I growl in her ear then shove her into the side of the bar. Her
hands slap the top, and I grab them, yanking them behind her back and cuff
them in place, making sure they’re nice and tight just how my girl likes
them.
Then I yank her to stand, spin her around, and throw her over my
shoulder. She whimpers at the position, and I start carrying her off to the
door at the end of the hall.
I knew exactly what to say to my wife to get her to come down here. I’ve
watched her reactions, paid attention to how her body responds to me and
the things I do to her. My girl has a praise kink. I noticed it before, but
today, I felt the way her body melted into the side of mine when we were in
Ty’s office, and he praised the woman for swallowing.
I know she’s nervous about her initiation later tonight, and I wanted to do
something for her to try to take her mind off it. Nothing is more effective
than getting fucked. So, I’m going to have my way with her and then praise
her for allowing it.
Opening up the door, I feel her body bouncing over my shoulder while I
carry her down to the basement. Ty had given me the code to turn all the
cameras off here at Blackout, so I made sure to do so before I called her and
had her come downstairs. The outside ones are still on, but I wasn’t going to
allow anyone to log in while we’re awake or to go back and look come
tomorrow.
I was already down here earlier after she passed out and got everything I
wanted ready for her. I’m about to show her the darker side of what we both
like.
I set her down on her feet, and she sucks in a deep breath. I’m sure my
shoulder in her abdomen made it hard to breathe at that angle. She looks up
at me, her eyes full of desire. She’s ready for whatever I have planned, or so
she thinks. She may feel different afterward.
I pull the knife out of my pocket and flip it open.
“Ryat,” she breathes and goes to step back, but I reach out and grab her
shirt, pulling her to me.
“Don’t move,” I order and slice through the material, cutting it down the
middle and then both sleeves so I can remove it completely.
My eyes fall to her pretty pink nipples and see that they’re hard. They’re
not the only thing!
“Spread your legs,” I demand, and she widens her feet. I pull her
underwear to the side and run my finger over her cunt. “That’s what I like
to feel.” I push it into her easily, feeling how wet she is already. It’ll be
dripping with cum when I’m done with her.
She gasps when I add a second one, just feeling around. Toying with her.
Pulling them out, I grip the material and slowly run them down over her
legs, where she steps out of them.
She stands before me naked, hands cuffed behind her back, and I smile
down at her. “So gorgeous.” I praise her, and her eyes grow heavy. “But I
want you filthy.”
When she opens her mouth to ask what I mean by that, I reach out and
grab her hair and pull her to the center of the room, making her scream
instead.
Forcing her to her knees, she whimpers, and I kneel behind her. I pick up
the short chain bolted to the floor and fasten the opposite end to the chain
that links the handcuffs—securing her to the concrete floor.
Standing, I walk around in front to look down at her. Her shoulders are
pulled back, pushing her already large tits out, and they bounce with each
intake of breath. “Ryat,” she moans my name, staring up at me, shifting on
her knees.
“Shh,” I say, kneeling in front of her. Reaching out, I run my fingers over
her parted lips. “I’m going to make it feel good,” I promise her.
She takes in a shaky breath, and I pull my hand from her face to remove
what I need from my pocket.
“Open your mouth,” I order.
Her eyes widen when she sees what I’m holding, but she complies
without hesitation. I place the gag into her mouth, having to force it open a
little farther, making sure the O-ring fits behind her teeth. Then I bend over
and fasten the buckle behind her head, tightening it so she can’t push it out
on her own.
Sitting back on my heels, I look at it. I like gagging her. I usually stuff
her underwear in her mouth and tape it, but I wanted this time to be
different. I want to be able to use her mouth while limiting her voice at the
same time.
This particular gag is an open-mouth gag that forces her mouth wide
open for easy use. I’m not going to say it’s comfortable, but the metal ring
is wrapped in leather and so are the straps so it doesn’t hurt. Her tongue
moves inside of her mouth, and I look over her perfect white teeth and can
already see the spit at the back of her throat. She tries to swallow it the best
she can and whimpers when she realizes just how difficult that’s going to be
for her.
Reaching out, I run my knuckles down her cheek and over the leather
strap. She closes her eyes, her body trying to fight the cuffs secured to the
floor.
Dropping my hand, I reach into my other pocket and pull out a Sharpie.
Opening her eyes, she spots it and starts fighting the restraint harder, trying
to talk, but it just sounds like grunting.
I pop the lid off and grab her left breast in my hand. Squeezing it to the
point she releases what sounds like a cry, I draw a heart around her hard
nipple. Then repeat it with the other one. Then I put my hands on her knees
and shove them apart. Again, unintelligible noises come from her open
mouth. I write MINE above her pussy, over her pelvic bone. “Better,” I say,
and her body shakes.
I toss the Sharpie across the room, done with it, and run my hands over
her cunt since her legs are wide open for me. “Aw,” I say, my eyes going to
hers. “She’s soaked now, Blake.”
Her head falls back, and she looks up at the ceiling with her watery eyes,
trying to avoid looking at me like she’s too ashamed to make eye contact.
That won’t do.
Reaching up with my free hand, I place my thumb under her chin and
two fingers inside her mouth, forcing her head down. “Look at me!”
She sucks in a breath, her body trembling. Her tongue is secured under
my fingers, and she tries to move them, but it’s no use. She told me
whatever I wanted, and what I want tonight is to make my wife my little
slut.
To fucking use her!
My hand between her legs thrusts two fingers all the way into her, and
her body jerks. I force a third one inside her, and her heavy panting fills the
room. I start finger-fucking her, and her hips rock back and forth with my
rhythm, unable to stop herself. Her knees fight to close, but I change up my
position and kneel before her, using my knees to shove hers open as far as I
can. She’s completely immobile with no voice and no choice but to kneel
and enjoy it.
Her body stiffens, her cunt clamping down on my fingers, and she comes.
Removing my fingers from her pussy and her mouth, she sags on her knees.
I hold up my now cum-soaked hand and look at it. I want to lick them
clean, but I don’t. That orgasm wasn’t for me.
I stand and look down at her. She’s got some drool on her chin but not
nearly enough.
“I want that mouth drooling as much as that pussy,” I say, and she
whimpers. Her tear-filled blue eyes shine up at me.
My right hand grips the top of her hair to hold her head in place, and I
stick two fingers into her mouth with her cum on them. I slowly run them
along the inside of her cheek before going to the other one. “Stick your
tongue out for me,” I order softly.
She sticks it through the ring, and I run my fingers over the top of it,
pushing them to the back of her throat, making her gag and her body jerk. I
do it again and hold them there.
Her body fights me, the chains clinking while she pulls on them.
“Breathe through your nose,” I tell her.
She doesn’t have much experience in the sucking dick department. I’ve
only had my cock in her mouth that one time during the vow ceremony.
Women need training to deep throat a dick. Some—but not most I’ve been
with—can do it right out of the gate. Like they practice on dildos at home
alone before they even have boyfriends to master the craft.
Her throat works while she tries to swallow, and I run my fingers up and
down her tongue before pressing them to the back—repeating the motion.
She gags once again, and I watch fresh tears run down her face when she
blinks.
Pulling my hand out completely, she chokes, spit flying from her mouth.
Drool now runs down her chin and covers her perfect breasts and flat
stomach while she sucks in breath after breath. “That’s more like it.”
Her head hangs forward the best it can, a line of drool leaking from her
open mouth reaching the floor, and I watch her shaking body with
satisfaction.
My girl.
My wife.
My filthy little slut.
I remove my mask, throwing it to the floor before I remove the cloak,
getting more comfortable.
BLAKELY.
I CAN’T FEEL my hands or my legs. They’re all numb. My body is covered in
sweat and drool, and my jaw hurts.
Opening my heavy eyes, I see him widen his stance in front of my
kneeling body and know what’s coming. The sound of his zipper only
confirms it.
His hand grips the hair on top of my head, and he lifts my head, pushing
it back. I look up at him through watery eyes while he stares down at me
with what I can only explain as raw dominance.
I love it!
This is what my body wants. What it needs. To be his. You can be
someone’s wife but still want to be used. Ryat never makes me feel
ashamed or embarrassed for that.
I try swallowing the excess drool sitting at the back of my throat, but it
doesn’t work. Biting his bottom lip, he strokes his hard dick a few times
before he steps into me.
He slides into my mouth, and the excess drool pushes out the sides of my
open lips and runs down my skin to land on my tits. My entire body is wet
—if not from sweat then drool or the cum between my legs.
His cock slides along the inside of my mouth, and I try to suck on it the
best I can, but it’s impossible since my lips can’t close around it.
“Fuck, Blake,” he growls. Letting go of the top of my head, he bends his
knees, getting lower, and spreads his large hand across the back of my head,
holding it in place while he slowly fucks my mouth, knowing that it won’t
stay like this for long.
He pushes to the back of my throat, and I gag, my body fighting not to
vomit while trying to breathe at the same time.
I blink, fresh tears running down the side of my face, and he looks down
at me, his green eyes hooded and needy. He runs his tongue along his
bottom lip before pulling it between his teeth and biting down.
My soaked pussy clenches, wanting him to fuck it.
As he pulls completely out of my mouth, the drool runs down my front
once again before he pushes back into me, shoving it to the back of my
throat harder this time. Right as I gag, he pulls it out. I get a quick breath in
just before he shoves his hips forward. His hand on the back of my head
keeps it from moving. There’s no way for me to fight it.
No. I’m his to use however he wants. And it’s got my nipples hard and
pussy begging to be fucked.
His good girl.
My nose is running as much as my eyes are crying. I can only imagine
how awful I must look, but he is staring down at me like I’m the most
beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
Pulling out, he forces his way back in, and when his eyes fall shut, I
know he’s about to fuck my mouth as if it’s my pussy when he moans,
“Goddamn.”
I kneel, cuffed and gagged wide open for him to use, fighting the urge to
vomit and trying to breathe every chance I get.
His fingers grip my hair, and my eyes start to roll back into my head from
lack of oxygen when he pulls out of my mouth, and a feral growl rips
through the room right before his cum hits my mouth, face, and body.
I sag on the floor, trying to breathe, when I hear him zip up his jeans. I
open my heavy eyes, looking up at him through watery lashes.
He kneels before me, breathing heavily. He reaches out, his hand
wrapping around my throat but not taking away my air. Thank God, because
I’m still trying to catch mine. “Good girl, Blake. Good girl.”
My eyes fall closed, and an unintelligible whimper comes from my open
mouth at his praise. It was worth it!
Ryat.
I WALK BEHIND her and undo the chain connected to her cuffs. Her body
relaxes as if she thinks I’m about to free her from the handcuffs, but that’s
not the case.
Pressing my hand to her back, I order, “Face on the floor.” I know it’s
hard to move her sore body, so I grab her shoulder and help her. Her face
lays down on the cum and drool and she spreads her legs wide for me,
showing me that glistening cunt.
I kneel behind her, my hands on her ass cheeks, and she wiggles it for
me. I push two fingers into her pussy, and she shifts on her knees. I know
the concrete floor is cold and unforgiving, but that’s the point. My wife
likes a little pain with her pleasure.
I shove a third finger into her, and mumbled cries come from her still
gagged mouth. Leaning over, I spit on her ass and move my fingers from
her cunt upward. She shifts once again, and I place my hand on her back.
“Don’t move, Blake!” I warn.
Even though I just came, I’m still hard. I’m always ready for her. No
matter what. Unzipping my jeans again, I pull out my still wet dick and
spread her legs wider with mine, forcing her to arch her back more.
I slide into her wet cunt and reach up to grab the chain connecting her
handcuffs, holding them in place while my other hand spreads across her
lower back, my thumb sliding into her ass.
She shifts, unintelligible noises fill the room from her open mouth gag
and I smile. I don’t give her any warning or chance to recover from what
I’ve already done to her. Instead, I take my wife like I’m paying to use her
—hard and fast.
My body slapping hers. My knees ache from the concrete floor so I know
her entire body is hurting. But it doesn’t stop her from cumming again, this
time all over my cock. I’m not far behind her.
Pulling out, I stand and she stretches out her body, lying down flat. I
remove the key from my pocket and undo the cuffs, followed by the buckle
on the gag. She cries when I remove it from her mouth. “Roll over,” I
demand softly. Her body is sluggish, but she does as she’s told, and her
heavy eyes look up at me.
Bending down, I place my arms under her shaking body and pick her up,
carrying her out of the basement and up to the apartment.

I HELP HER out of the bath after washing her hair and soaping her body for
her. I wrap the towel around her before picking her up into my arms.
She’s about to pass out. Our little session down in the basement took
what little she had left to give. Setting her on the side of the bed, I dry her
off a little more, and then she lies down, snuggling into the sheets.
“Here.” I hand her two painkillers, knowing her jaw has to be sore along
with everything else. I didn’t want to keep her down there for long,
considering the position I had her in.
She takes them and then hands me her bottle of water. I set it on the
nightstand and then crawl in next to her. “Lie on your stomach,” I order.
I straddle her back and rub my hands together quickly, warming them up
before placing them on her skin. She moans when I start rubbing on her.
Maybe a minute goes by before I hear her start softly snoring, but I continue
to rub her back, arms, and legs, hoping it will help her soreness when she
wakes up in the morning.
Once I’m done, I lie down and pull her into me. Kissing her wet hair, I
whisper, “I love you.” Hoping she can hear me before I close my eyes.
They spring open when I hear my cell go off.
Groaning, I reach over to the nightstand and pick it up.
Mandatory meeting at house of Lords.
I close it and sigh. It’s later on tonight. Thankfully, it’s early enough that
I can go to the meeting and be back to Blackout before Blake has to do her
initiation.

BLAKELY.
I’M A LITTLE tipsy. Probably had more than I should have, but I needed the
liquid courage to do what needs to be done tonight. It’s not the fact that I
have to pretend to flirt with a man. It’s the fact that I know what my
husband is going to do to him afterward. Why does this guy deserve to die?
And why was he chosen for my initiation? Are these people picked at
random?
I’m wearing another dress of Sarah’s, and Ryat literally growled when he
saw me in it but didn’t say anything. I take another drink before setting it
down. Taking a quick look around, I try to find Ryat in the crowd, but it’s
too busy, and he’s not standing on the second-floor balcony tonight.
I can’t feel him like usual either. I wonder if it’s because I’m just
nervous. The fuck fest we had last night in the basement did knock me on
my ass, and I slept in until noon today. I woke up sore as fuck and needed
another hot bath to help relax my tight muscles. It worked enough. But even
now, these heels are killing my feet. Not to mention I’ve still got hearts on
my tits and MINE written between my legs. Wonder how long Sharpie lasts
on skin?
“Boo.”
I jump when I hear someone in my ear. Spinning around, I see Sarah
standing before me. “What are you doing here?” I ask, wide-eyed, pulling
her in for a hug.
“I brought you your car.”
“Really?” She nods, and I say, “Thank you.” I’ve missed her so much. I
haven’t gotten to see her much since classes started this year. Between the
Lords, my running away, and someone trying to kill me, we’ve been pulled
apart. More so now than when I was dating Matt.
“Of course. I guess the Lords have a meeting back at the house …”
I frown. I didn’t know that.
“Ryat called Gunner this morning and gave him the address to the cabin
and asked us to bring your car up here. So Gunner took me out there, and he
said he’ll just catch a ride here with Ryat after they’re done at the house.”
He promised he’d be here. “When will they be done?” I ask her.
“Should be anytime now.” She looks down at her cell. “But I wanted to
come help my girl.” She winks at me.
Does she know what I’m doing, though? Does she know what Gunner
has done in order to become a Lord? I don’t even know what all Ryat has
done at this point. And I probably never will.
My cell vibrates in my clutch, and I pull it out. Opening up the text, I
take a deep breath, thinking it’s going to tell me the guy is here but it’s from
Ryat.
Had a meeting at HoLs. On my way.
Okay. See you soon.
“While we’re waiting, I’m going to go out to my car really quick.” I’m
going to grab a pair of flats in my trunk so I can put them on as soon as this
is done. I’ve hated living out of the small suitcase we brought with us. If I
had known we weren’t going to return after burying Cindy, I would have
packed several bags.
“I’ll go with you.”
We’re laughing as she tells me something that Gunner did last week
while walking out the back of Blackout to my car. It was nice of Sarah to
drive it here for me. For some reason, it feels like a little bit of freedom has
been returned to me. I haven’t had the chance to drive my car in almost a
month.
I left it behind while I ran, and then we’ve been hiding here for four days.
It’s got a big smile on my face.
Unlocking it, it beeps, and Sarah stops. “Dammit.”
“What?” I ask her.
“I think I left my cell on the bar.” She pats down her dress, knowing
damn well it doesn’t have any pockets. She yanks her clutch open and starts
looking around in it.
I fall into the driver’s seat. “Get in. I’ll swing you by the back door. That
way you don’t have to walk.” Plus, the sooner she gets there, the better. I
don’t want someone to take it.
Getting in, I drive through the parking lot since I was in the very back
row—the club is packed tonight—and pull parallel to the door.
“I’ll be right here,” I tell her as she’s jumping out. She shuts my door,
and I pick up my cell from the cupholder and start to call Ryat but stop. I
don’t want to be that woman who can’t go a second without calling her
man. I’m going to be seeing him soon anyway.
My car door opens, and I see her fall into my passenger seat. “That was
fast …”
A hand grips my hair, and my face is slammed into the steering wheel.
Pain explodes behind my eyes, and I instantly taste blood. Then my head is
jerked back, and I don’t even get to scream before a hand slaps over my
mouth, silencing me.
“You’ve been very busy, Blakely.” I hear a male voice growl in my ear.
My eyes are watery from the impact my face just took, so when I try to
look at him, all I see is a blurry figure, but I know who it is. Shaking my
head, I try to scream, but he just tightens his grip in my hair, needles
pricking my scalp.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to kill you. Yet. This is just a warning.” He
lets go of my mouth and slams my face into the steering wheel again. This
time, my vision goes black, and more blood fills my mouth. I start choking
on it, making it fly out of my mouth onto the dash and windshield.
His hand remains holding my hair and his other hand wraps around my
throat and squeezes, taking away what little air I had. “You know …” He
leans in, and the wetness from his tongue runs across my pounding cheek,
licking up my tears. “I should have taken you up on that rape fantasy of
yours.” My already racing heart skips a beat, and I try to reach for the door
handle, my lungs burning from lack of oxygen while dots cover my already
blurry vision.
He removes his hand just before my eyes fall closed, and I suck in a
ragged breath before spitting blood out of my mouth once again. “Ryat’s
going … to kill you.” I wheeze out.
He laughs, the sound filling the small car. “Tell your husband that I’ll be
waiting for him.” Then he shoves my face into the steering wheel one last
time.
When he lets go of me, my body slumps in the driver’s seat, and all I can
hear is the blood rushing in my ears. It feels like my heart is pumping in my
face, and I can’t swallow. Drool and blood run out of the corners of my
mouth. I can’t see anything, but I’m not even sure my eyes are open.
“Blakely!” I hear my name being shouted. “Oh my God!”
I flinch at the sound. I just … I just want to go to sleep.
“Help me!” The voice screams again. “You’re going to be okay,” the girl
cries.
What’s wrong? I’m not sure what she’s talking about.
“What the fuck?” someone else barks.
Hands grab my shoulders and roughly drag me out of the car. I can’t even
fight if Matt changed his mind and decided to come back for me. I’m his at
this point as long as he’ll let me sleep.
“Get in the car. Drive us,” the voice orders, picking me up. I feel that
darkness closing in on me, finally allowing me some peace and quiet.
Ryat.
I’M DRIVING DOWN the highway, my eyes constantly going to the clock
on my dash. The meeting at the house took longer than necessary. Now I’m
having to haul ass to Blackout, making sure I get there before Blake
receives her text about her initiation.
The sound of my phone ringing blares through the speakers. I see that it’s
Ty. “Hello?” I answer.
“Ryat,” he shouts my name, and it instantly has my heart racing. “I don’t
know what happened. Man, it was just a second—”
“Let me speak to Blake,” I interrupt him.
“I can’t.” He sighs heavily. “Ryat, she …”
“What the fuck happened, Tyson?” I snap, and Gunner is already pulling
his cell out of his pocket, probably to call Sarah.
“We’re at the hospital. Meet us here. I gotta go.” He hangs up.
“She’s not answering,” Gunner growls, yanking the phone from his ear.
“Hang on.” I slam on the brake to take the exit that I was almost already
past in order to turn around and go the opposite way.
Less than twenty minutes later, I bring my SUV to a screeching halt in
front of the emergency room doors. Gunner and I both jump out. Entering, I
find the nurse’s desk. “Blakely Rae Archer.” I shout her name, my hand
banging on the surface. “She’s my wife!”
“Ryat?” I hear my name being shouted from down the hall.
“Never mind,” I tell the useless nurse and take off.
“Sir, you can’t …”
I ignore her and run toward Tyson. He stands in the center of the hall.
“What in the fuck is going on?” I snap, but my eyes drop to the blood on his
shirt, and I blink, trying to comprehend what I’m seeing. That can’t belong
to my wife. I’ve been around it all my life, but right now, I feel like I’m
going to get sick. The thought of something happening to her when I should
have been there with her.
He raises his hands. “I don’t know what happened. I walked outside, and
Sarah … she was screaming for help. Blake … she was bleeding …”
“Where is she?” I demand, about to punch him in the fucking face since
he’s having problems getting out a single sentence.
“There.” He points at the door we stand outside of. “Gavin’s on call and
already seen her.”
I shove it open and rush inside the room to find my wife lying in a
hospital bed with Sarah sitting in a chair next to her, holding Blake’s hand.
Her face is swollen and bruised, and she’s got stitches in various places.
“Sarah,” I say her name softly. Her makeup is smeared, her face red and
splotchy.
“Oh, Ryat.” Letting go of Blake’s hand, she rushes over to me and throws
her arms around my neck, almost knocking me a step backward.
I numbly pat her back while I look over my wife’s unconscious body. So
small and vulnerable lying there in the bed. They haven’t cleaned her, so
dried blood is caked all over her face and down her neck. Some even
splattered on her arms and hands.
The door behind me opens, and Sarah pulls away from me. “Gunner.”
She runs to him, and I walk over to her now empty chair and fall down into
it. I take Blake’s warm hand and clasp it in mine. “What happened?” I ask
again, hoping someone will tell me something.
“She wanted to get something from her car … we walked outside. But I
forgot my phone.” She starts, pulling away from Gunner. “She drove me to
the back of the building.” She hugs herself. “I was only gone a few minutes.
When I came back, she was sitting in the driver seat … like this. I was …
screaming.” Sarah shakes her head. “For anyone to help. She was just
sitting there, covered in blood.” Looking over at Blake, fresh tears run
down her face. “That’s when that guy came up to us …”
“Who?” Gunner interrupts her.
She points at the door. “The guy in the hallway. I don’t even know who
he is. He pulled her out of the car and ran over to another one. He told me
to get in and had me drive while he sat with her in the back.” She goes back
to sobbing, and Gunner pulls her into him, hugging her tightly.
The door opens again, and I expect it to be Ty, and I open my mouth to
tell him to get the fuck out, but it’s a different Lord. “Ryat. Gunner.” He
nods to both of us.
“Dr. Gavin,” I say, releasing her hand and setting it on the bed.
“I have some X-rays I’d like to go over with you, if you have a second.”
He holds the film in his hands.
“Of course.” I nod numbly.
“We’ll be back,” Gunner tells us and then pulls a sobbing Sarah out of
the room, excusing themselves.
BLAKELY.
I CAN HEAR voices, but they sound far off. Like I’m standing at one end of
the tunnel, and they’re at the other—echoing inside my head. Which is
pounding as if someone is using it as a drum set.
“I told you this would happen …”
The voices start to come in clearer.
“I told you guys we should have tested her differently.” Another voice
gets through the drumming behind my eyes.
“The initiation didn’t do this to her!” a familiar voice snaps.
“No! It was that piece of shit that you were going to allow her to marry!”
another voice argues, and I recognize it. It’s Ryat’s.
“I was never going to allow that!” the second one shouts back. “Why do
you think I made you choose her?” It’s my dad. “Huh? It sure as shit wasn’t
for shits and giggles.”
“Well, it’s not like you ever gave me an answer when I asked.”
I open my heavy eyes, blinking a few times before the room comes into
focus. I’m lying in a hospital bed. Ryat stands over to the right, leaning
back against a windowsill dressed in a white T-shirt and jeans with a black
baseball hat on backward and tennis shoes.
My father sits on a couch next to him, dressed in a charcoal suit with his
cell in his hand. Looking to my left, I see my father-in-law pacing the large
room, also dressed like he just came from a board meeting. “We’re not
going to accomplish anything if we’re arguing,” he states, taking in a deep
breath.
“Yeah,” I manage to croak and flinch. “You’re making … my headache
worse.”
“Blake!” Ryat shoves off the windowsill and comes over to me. “How do
you feel?” Before I can even try to answer him, he looks at his dad. “Get
the nurse.” Who turns and rushes out of the room.
“Hey, princess,” my father says gently, coming to the other side of my
bed.
“I …” my eyes close, the light hurting them.
“Turn off the light,” Ryat orders, and then I hear the click of the switch,
and I open my eyes slowly to a softer lit room with the main light now off.
“Better?” he asks, his hand picking up mine and gently squeezing it.
I nod. “Yeah.”
The door opens, and Abbot enters with a nurse behind him. “Good
evening, Blakely. How do you feel?”
I groan. She’s way too chipper with her big smile, bleach-blond hair
pulled up into a cute twist, and brown eyes that I notice quickly scan my
husband before coming back to mine.
“She said she’s got a headache.” Ryat answers when he realizes I’m
going to ignore her.
“I can give you some pain meds.” She nods enthusiastically. And then
looks at him again. “I’ll be right back with those.”
Leaving us, I close my heavy eyes. “What happened?”
“You were attacked,” Abbot answers.
Ryat squeezes my hand again. “Do you not remember?”
“No,” I answer, opening my eyes and looking at him.
He looks exhausted. His pretty green eyes aren’t as bright as I remember.
There’s stubble on his jaw, and I know he hasn’t washed his hair since he
has a hat on.
“How long have I been here?” I ask, licking my chapped lips.
“Three days,” my father answers.
“Here, I got you some of these when I chased down the nurse.” Abbot
shoves a cup of ice into Ryat’s free hand.
He lets go of mine with his other hand and spoon-feeds me a few ice
chips. I just let them melt in my mouth, wanting the water more than
chewing ice. I’m so thirsty. After I swallow, I slide my tongue along my
upper and lower teeth, making sure they’re all there. I feel a little better
when they are.
“Want some more?” Ryat asks, and I nod.
The nurse returns with a syringe and that stupid fucking smile on her
face. “This will make you drowsy. Probably be in and out—”
“No,” I say, interrupting her. I’ve already been out for three days? That’s
too long. “I don’t want …”
“It’s okay, Blake,” Ryat tells me and then looks up at her, nodding. His
eyes return to mine. “We’ll be right here when you wake up.” Leaning
down, he gives me a soft kiss on my knuckles as my eyes grow heavy.
Ryat.
I EXIT HER room and walk down the hallway. I need a fucking energy
drink. Hell, I need them to hook me up to an IV of straight caffeine. It’s like
when she ran all over again, but this time, I know she’s right in front of me,
not missing.
She could have been, though. Matt could have easily taken her. And I’m
more confused as to why he didn’t. I mean, thank God that’s not the case,
but why? What the fuck is he doing?
Is this his way of playing with his food before he eats it?
A way to draw out his torture. I murdered his only two allies, and he just
left her when he had the opportunity to take her and make her pay for my
sins.
Coming up to a vending machine, I stick in a five-dollar bill and press on
the energy drink that I know isn’t going to do shit for me.
I’m not sure what the fuck he’s up to, but it’s not sitting right with me.
Nothing about her being in a hospital bed is.
“Come on.” I slap the side of the machine when I see it hasn’t given me
my drink. “Son of a bitch!” I kick it.
“I gave it a twenty earlier and got nothing for it.”
I look over at Ty standing beside me and sigh heavily. “What are you
doing here?” He promised me he would watch her. I was the one who failed
her by expecting anyone else to keep her safe.
He tucks his hands into the front pockets of his jeans and rocks back on
his heels, dropping his head. “I can’t leave, knowing you’re still here.”
I roll my eyes and go to walk away. Fuck the five dollars, but his words
stop me.
“You were here with me …” Pulling his hand from his pocket, he runs it
through his unruly hair, and my eyes drop to his shirt, realizing he’s still
dressed in the same one he was wearing when he brought my wife in. I
know this because it still has her blood on it. I haven’t left this place, but
thankfully, Gunner brought me some new clothes. “I just didn’t think you
should be alone in case …” He stops himself.
My hands fist. “In case she dies?” I finish it for him. I’m being dramatic.
I’ve spoken to Gavin, and he said that everything looked good as far as no
serious injuries. No hemorrhaging. She does have a broken nose and some
cuts and bruises, but it’s still the fact that it could have been so much worse.
His shoulders drop. “I didn’t know …”
“What, Ty?” I raise my voice. “That Matt was there? Because he knew
she was there.” We’d been staying there all week. Not like it would have
been hard for him to find out. I let her dance with Sarah the night before,
wanting her to have some fun. I should have just run with her.
“It’s not your fault,” he says softly, and I give a rough laugh.
“Thanks for the opinion that I didn’t ask for.” I turn, giving him my back.
“The Lords are only out for themselves, Ryat,” he calls out.
Stopping again, I grind my teeth and turn to face him, but say nothing.
“You want to save her?” He walks over to me. “The only way to do that
is to let her go because even if you were to die tomorrow, they would own
her.” My spine stiffens at his words. “Her father won’t be able to save her.
Your father won’t be able to save her. They take prisoners, Ryat.”
I glare at him, “Then why are you still a member, Ty?” Arching a brow, I
continue, “Just betray your oath, and they’ll make that decision for you.”
He smirks, his left hand coming up to rest on my shoulder. “Why do you
think I chose the hell I did?” With that, he slaps my shoulder twice and then
walks off.
I stare at the energy drink I never got but paid for, and my teeth clench.
He was talking about Blackout. The Lords set him up with that club.
Purchased the land, built the building, and then handed it all over to him—
free and clear. Now it makes me wonder what he has to do to keep it.
Shaking my head, I tell myself not to fucking care about his problems. I
did once. I even sat here in the waiting room with him, but I know how that
ended. Much worse than my experience here.
I know Blakely will come home, and I know that I won’t let her go. I’ve
seen the worst of the Lords, but I’ve also seen how they take care of their
members—like fucking royalty.
I’ll do what needs to be done and make sure that Blakely and our future
kids are very well taken care of and able to hide if something were to
happen to me. That’s the best I can do for them.
Walking back over to the machine, I lean over, placing my forehead on
the cold glass and sigh heavily. “Fuck it!” Then I stand, reach up and grip
the back of my shirt. I yank it up and over my head, knocking my hat to the
floor in the process.
“Oh my God.” Blake’s nurse from earlier walks by. “What…what are
you doing, Mr. Archer?” she asks, flustered. Her eyes drop to the way my
abs flex from my heavy breathing.
Ignoring her, I wrap my shirt around my right hand, make a fist, and slam
it into the glass.
She squeals, jumping back. “Ryat!”
Pulling my arm out through the glass, she watches me wide-eyed as I
unwrap the shirt from my fist, shake the remaining glass out and then pull it
back on, along with my hat.
Reaching back in, I grab two energy drinks.
“Your hand.” She steps toward me. “You’re bleeding.”
I have blood running down my arm from where the glass cut me once I
broke through. No biggie.
“You need stitches …”
“I’m fine,” I tell her. I’ve fucked myself up more in a fight.
“But …” She reaches out, grabbing me. “You may have glass in it.”
“Then I’ll get it out.” I yank my hand back from her. “Go do what you’re
being fucking paid to do and help the ones who want it.”
She gasps like what I said offended her, which I did no such thing. It’s
literally her job. Leaving her standing there with her mouth wide open, I
make my way down the hallway to the waiting room to see Ty still here.
I sigh and plop down next to him, and without saying a word, I pass him
one of the drinks I took from the crooked machine.
He chuckles but reaches out and takes it. It’s as close to an apology as
he’s going to get. My wife is the only person who will ever hear sorry from
me. But I do understand it wasn’t his fault. It was mine. And when she
finally gets to go home, I’ll allow myself the chance to come up with an
idea on how I’m going to kill Matt for laying his hands on her.
“I had Sarah drive us here in my car,” he speaks. “That way you can look
at Blakely’s where it sits. See if he left anything behind.”
I swallow, knowing that I’m not going to like what I see on the inside
after what he did to her. But he’s right, I need to look and see if he left any
clues to find him before he has the chance to touch her again. “Thanks.”
BLAKELY.
“RYAT,” I GROWL. “I can do it.”
“I know you can, Blake,” he lies. If he thought I could, then he’d actually
let me.
Shoving his arm away from me, I give up when he doesn’t budge and
allow him to help me walk back to the bed. I have a broken nose, not a
broken leg.
Getting up and into it, I sigh. “When can I leave?” I ask him. I feel like
five days—I was out the first three—is a long time for a busted-up face.
They keep sending me for all these tests that come back fine every time.
“They said sometime tomorrow.”
“Why not today? I’m fine,” I say, pushing my split bottom lip out, hoping
that will get me some sympathy.
It doesn’t.
“If the doctor thought you could leave today, then he’d let you,” he says
matter-of-factly.
“This is like prison,” I say, throwing my head into my pillow and making
Ryat laugh. “What’s so funny?”
“Coming from someone who’s been in jail, this is nothing like it.”
I open my mouth to ask when the hell he was arrested, but my door
opens, and our fathers step in. They’re like best fucking friends now, I
guess. Always together. Always here. Maybe they always have been, and I
just didn’t know it.
I haven’t spoken to my mother. I’m pretty sure my father told her to stay
the hell away from me after Ryat informed him that she slapped me. It’s
been nice, actually, and kind of sad that I haven’t even missed her.
“Okay, everything looks good at the cabin,” my father tells Ryat.
“What do you mean?” I wonder.
“I had all new cameras installed. Inside and out,” Ryat answers. “I sent
them over there so I could watch them to make sure they were working
properly.”
“Why would you doubt that they are?” I ask, stuffing a french fry in my
mouth that Abbot brought me.
“I’ve been watching them for over a week now and haven’t seen any
activity,” he states, sitting down on the couch.
“Isn’t that a good thing?”
“You can never be too cautious,” he answers vaguely.
I stuff another fry into my mouth, close my eyes, and moan. So fucking
good. Opening my eyes, I notice everyone is staring at me. “What?” I ask
nervously.
My father runs his hand through his hair. “I think it’s time …”
“Phil…” Abbot clears his throat. “We agreed—”
“I changed my mind,” he interrupts him.
My eyes go to Ryat, and he shrugs like he has no clue what they’re
talking about either. “Okay.” I sit up straighter in bed. “What’s going on?”
“Well …” My father swallows. “I need to tell you something.”
“Then tell me.” I’m so over all the secrets. Just get it all out right here in
the open.
He sucks in a deep breath and reaches up, removing his tie. Oh, he’s
serious. Unbuttoning his top button on his dress shirt, he says, “I dated a
woman at Barrington—LeAnne Mayes. She was my chosen.”
It didn’t take much to realize my father is a Lord. The fact that he was at
the house of Lords after Ryat dragged me back was my biggest clue. I do,
however, find it odd that I never paid much attention to his life. Or that he
never told me. All the trips he and my mom needed to take for his business.
Every time he had to miss a birthday or holiday—was it because the Lords
called him to work?
I frown at the name, not recognizing it and wondering why, all of a
sudden, it matters. I glance at Ryat, and he’s staring down at the floor, face
scrunched as if he’s trying to decide if he knows who that is or not.
“Should I know her?” I ask.
“No.” My father shakes his head, but his eyes shoot to Ryat before
returning to mine.
“Why is she so important?” I ask, scanning the room, and my husband is
still stuck on the name in deep concentration.
“Because I loved her,” he announces, and his broad shoulders sag as if
that was a heavy weight he had been carrying.
Okay. I never expected my father not to have anyone before he met my
mother. I’ve never heard either one of them talk about past relationships,
but that doesn’t mean they didn’t exist. So, I’m not sure why this is news.
“Did mom know that?” I ask.
His face whitens a little bit, and he undoes another button. “She was
already promised to someone else … LeAnne,” he states, ignoring my
question. Again, as if this should mean something to me. Or any of us. “But
your mom … you know how we got married shortly after dating?”
“Yeah,” I answer slowly.
“Well …” He scratches the back of his neck. “We had an arranged
marriage.”
“No, you didn’t,” I argue as if I was there and laugh it off.
He sighs. “We did. We lied to you.”
“Why … wait?” I sit up even more. “Why would you lie about your
marriage?” He drops his eyes to the floor, and I look over at Ryat on the
couch. He’s already staring at me this time, and he has this look of pity in
his eyes. “You knew they lied to me?”
“Yes,” he answers without hesitation.
My face scrunches in confusion. “Why would you make that up?”
My father shrugs. “Well, your mother told everyone that story, and as you
grew older, it just became the norm.”
I look back over at Ryat, and he’s watching me intently. It makes me
think about when we have kids. Will I tell them how we met? About the
ritual? The vow ceremony? The house of Lords? Absolutely not. “I
understand why you would hide that as a child, but you could have told me
at some point over the past few years. Especially when you were trying to
make me do the same thing.”
My father sighs. “I never wanted you to marry Matt. That was your
mother’s doing.”
“You could have told her no,” I argue. “You know how I felt about an
arranged marriage. And how much I didn’t want that.”
He undoes another button on his shirt. “I couldn’t. She threatened …”
Trailing off, I look from him to my father-in-law, who turns his back to
everyone and looks out my window with his hands in the pockets of his
slacks.
“Threatened what?” I demand as the silence lingers. “What did the Lords
have you do that was so bad that you couldn’t stand up for me?” My mother
pretty much blackmailed him. I’m not surprised. She’s a vindictive bitch
like that.
“Well …” He swallows nervously, and I see sweat bead along his
forehead. “My chosen … it was so long ago. And …” I’ve never heard my
father stumble over his words so much.
“Motherfucker!” Ryat hisses and gets to his feet.
“What?” I ask, watching him start to pace.
He ignores me and runs both of his hands through his hair aggressively.
What did I miss?
“I can’t fucking believe it,” Ryat mumbles to himself. “Mayes …”
“Now you understand why we wanted you to tell the Lords what
happened,” my father snaps at him. Taking the opportunity to avoid my
previous question, he obviously understands what Ryat gets and I’m
missing. “But here’s your chance. Tell your father and me what happened
right now.”
Ryat stops and turns to face him. He doesn’t actually speak, but his tense
body says enough. He’s pissed.
“We know you didn’t do it,” Mr. Archer tells him, turning back to face
his son. “We just need to know.”
“I’m not a fucking rat!” Ryat shouts.
Whoa! What the fuck am I missing? I feel like it’s several things now.
“Dad,” I say, trying to calm them both down, but he ignores me.
“A rat?” My father scoffs at Ryat. “Are you serious? He’s no longer a
Lord. He’s on the run, been stripped of his title. This is passed that. Matt
has put your wife—my daughter—in the hospital. Why do you think I
forced you to choose her in the first place? Huh?” he demands. “I didn’t
want her near him.”
“And he will pay for that,” Ryat growls through gritted teeth.
“Or why I didn’t take the money when you offered to buy her hand in
marriage.”
I narrow my eyes at Ryat for that one, still a little sour.
“I was honored to give Blakely over to you,” he adds, softening his tone.
Fuck, they act like I’m not even here.
“You knew this whole time.” Ryat shakes his head with disgust at his
father, who doesn’t deny his words.
“Matt needs to be taken down. And you still have the opportunity to do
that.” My father sighs. “All you have to do is tell us—”
“I didn’t work this damn hard, devote my life to the fucking Lords to lose
my credibility because of Matt!” Ryat shouts, interrupting him.
“So, you will risk your wife?” My father shouts in his face.
Ryat’s chest rises as he sucks in a deep breath. “No.” He shakes his head,
lowering his voice, and my father smiles, satisfied with his answer. “I won’t
be like you.” His words make the smile fall from Dad’s face. “You were the
one who chose to keep secrets from Blake. You were the one who chose to
risk her life by allowing Valerie to continue with the arranged marriage.”
He looks him up and down with his lips pulled back. “That woman treated
her like shit! And you couldn’t be a damn man and stand up for your
daughter!” Ryat snorts. “And you call yourself a Lord?”
“Listen here!” He gets in Ryat’s face, but my husband doesn’t back
down. “You don’t know what I did for my family!”
“I don’t have to.” Ryat takes a step back and points at me, sitting up in
bed. “I know what you didn’t do.” His green eyes find mine. “I’m sorry,
Blake.” My pulse races at the sincerity of his voice. Ryat never apologizes.
“But your father has been lying to you all your life. Valerie isn’t your
mother.”
“What?” I ask, my eyes going back and forth between my husband and
my father. “Ryat?” I whisper. “Why … why would you say that?” The room
falls silent, and Mr. Archer runs a hand down his face. “Daddy?” My eyes
shoot to his. “Tell him he’s wrong.” My chest tightens as the silence lingers.
As much as I hate my mother on most days, they wouldn’t lie about that.
Would they?
Ryat.
I SHOULD HAVE fucking known! I should have demanded to know more.
The fucking Lords kept me from getting all the information. You can’t
question them.
I know you killed an important bitch! Is what Lincoln had yelled at Matt
afterward before putting him on probation and throwing him out of his
office. LeAnne was important because Phil Anderson made her important.
Mr. Mayes wasn’t that high up on the Lords ladder. That’s why I never
questioned why he needed to die. He betrayed his oath. It was simple.
“Why would you say that?” Blake asks me, her bottom lip quivering. “I
… I don’t understand.”
I run a hand down my unshaven face. “When I threw Valerie out of your
apartment, I ripped a piece of her hair out and had it tested with yours.” I
received the results when I was sitting in her father’s office downtown
Dallas after she ran from me. I haven’t had the time or concern to dig into
who her biological mother is.
Her wide eyes stare up at me, unblinking. “No …” she whispers.
“I knew about the arranged marriage. It’s just par for the course of being
a Lord,” I add quickly. “I had a hunch.” Surprise, surprise, they weren’t a
match, but I had no idea her biological mother was LeAnne until now. After
Phil said her name, it took me a couple of minutes for my mind to put it all
together.
“Blake.” I walk over to her bed, and she pulls her knees up to her chest,
her eyes now on her father, pleading with him to explain everything to her.
I’ll fucking do it! “Blake?” I sit on the side of her bed and pull on her arms,
unwrapping them from around her knees to take her hands in mine. Slowly,
her watery eyes find mine. “Junior year, Matt and I were partners for an
assignment. It was our initiation. We were handed a name and a location. To
take out a Lord who had betrayed his oath.”
“I don’t …” she whispers, swallowing. “What does this have to do with
… my mom—LeAnne?”
“Something …” I’m not going to give them the benefit to hear me tell
them what exactly happened. “Went wrong and his wife was also killed.”
Her eyes go to her father, but he’s too big of a coward to face her.
Instead, he’s staring at the floor, rubbing his neck. “When we got back from
the assignment, Matt was put on probation. Then come the following year,
two weeks before classes started, I had just taken my oath, your father
called me to meet him and told me I had to choose you.”
“I was trying to save you from Matt.” Her father’s voice breaks as he
speaks up. “We knew he killed LeAnne.” He pauses. “And needed time to
prove it.”
I can feel his eyes drilling holes in the back of my head as I sit facing my
wife. They thought they could talk me down, break me into giving him up,
but it wasn’t going to happen. Not then and not now. That is what
confession is for. When I string Matt up like Tyson suggested at the
cathedral, Matt will not only spill blood, but all of his secrets to a room full
of Lords. He will be the one who tells everyone what he did that night.
“So”—her brows scrunch together—“Matt killed the Lord’s wife?”
“Yes,” her father growls. “She was my chosen … and your mother. I
loved her.” His voice drops to a whisper. “Still do.”
I almost feel sorry for the bastard. Silence falls over the room again, and
the first tear rolls down her bruised cheek.
I hear her father sigh. “Blakely, you have to understand—”
“Please leave,” she whispers, interrupting him.
He comes around to the opposite side of her. “I know you’re upset …”
“Please.” She ignores him, her pretty blue eyes meeting mine. “Please
make them leave.”
I release her hand and stand, facing her father. “Do I need to show you
the way out?” I arch a brow at him.
He straightens his shoulders and grabs his suit jacket and tie off the back
of the chair and storms out. My father goes along with him.
Leaning down, I kiss her forehead. “I’ll be right back.”
Rushing down the hallway, I come to the nurses’ station to see them spot
me.
Her father sighs. “Ryat, when you’re a father, you’ll understand.”
I step into him, my chest hitting his. “You need to understand the next
time I have a meeting with you in downtown Dallas at two o’clock in the
morning, I’m going to knock you the fuck out.”
“Ryat,” my father hisses.
Like I give a fuck what he has to say. I don’t. He knew all this time why
Mr. Anderson wanted me to choose his daughter. My father never
questioned that. He even called me after the ceremony to make sure it was
Blake. When in New York, he asked me how much I would offer for her …
and I’d bet my life that’s why he didn’t force me to marry Cindy. This was
their plan.
My hands fist, and I think about just doing it right now. Why the fuck
wait until God knows when? But I catch sight of Miss Bleach Blond behind
the nurses’ station with the phone up to her ear and her wide eyes on me.
She’s probably already got security on speed dial. The bitch has been
staring me down since I broke the vending machine a couple of days ago.
So, instead I step away. “I want these men removed from the list of visitors
for my wife’s room. They’re no longer allowed.”
“Ryat,” her father growls. “You can’t keep me from her.”
“Watch me.” Then I turn around and go back to her room. Entering, I
find her on her side in the fetal position with her back to me, crying. I turn
off the main light and go over to her bed. When I crawl into it with her, she
turns over and snuggles into me, crying harder.
“Shh.” I try to calm her by rubbing her back. Knowing if she cries too
hard, she’s going to give herself another headache.
BLAKELY.
WALKING INTO THE cabin feels … different. There are black curtains up that
hang from the ceiling, covering all the floor-to-ceiling windows that
overlook the woods. It makes the place look darker. Reminds me of
Blackout.
“When did you put these up?” I ask.
He places my bag that Sarah had brought to the hospital for me down on
the coffee table. “I had Gunner and Prickett do it while we were staying at
the club.”
“Why?”
“Because I thought maybe Matt was hanging out around here, and I
didn’t want him seeing inside the house.”
I nod in understanding.
Sighing, he comes over to me and kisses my hair. “They won’t be here
forever,” he promises as if he can tell that I hate them.
He walks into the kitchen, and I make my way to the bathroom, wanting
to take a hot bath. I’m mentally and physically drained. Getting undressed, I
remove my shirt, then shove my shorts down my legs along with my
underwear. I turn and stand in front of the mirror. I haven’t looked at myself
since Matt slammed my face into the steering wheel. I didn’t want to have
to see what I already knew—he made me ugly.
This was his goal. To make Ryat see me as repulsive. Matt wants Ryat to
throw me away. It’s no longer that Matt wants me. No. He couldn’t beat
Ryat, so now he’s going to turn him against me. It’s the only angle he has
left to play.
Ryat enters the bathroom, and I drop my head, unable to meet his eyes in
the mirror.
“Hey.” Feeling the tips of his fingers on my neck, he pulls my hair off my
face with one hand while the other pulls me from the counter to face him.
“Blake, look at me.”
Feeling defeated, I lift my head.
“Are you hurting?” he asks, concerned the moment he sees me fighting
back the tears.
“No,” I whisper.
He gives me an apologetic smile. “I’m sorry about your dad.”
I look away from him, staring at the white ceiling and refusing to let
those tears fall. They’re so close to the edge.
“Blake,” he demands my attention. “Talk to me.”
Swallowing the lump in my throat, I give up fighting him. “He wants you
to throw me away,” I whisper.
“What do you mean throw you away?” His face scrunches at the
question. “Who are you talking about?”
“Matt. He wants to make me ugly, so you’ll leave me.”
“Blake …” He sighs heavily. “Is that what you think?”
“It’s what I know.”
Stepping into me, he slides both hands into my hair and holds my head
steady. “I love you,” he says, making me sniff. “You are the only woman
I’ve ever told that to. And it’ll stay that way until the day I die. Your face
will heal, your scars will fade, but my love for you isn’t going to change.
So, whatever he said to you, or made you feel, don’t let it get to you. That’s
what he wants. Understand?”
His words do what I tried to avoid, and the tears spill over my bottom
lashes, just for a different reason. That night is still pretty foggy. I know it
was Matt, but I don’t really remember any conversation we had if we even
did. I just know that this has to be his plan. He wants me away from Ryat,
and he knows I’d never leave him.
Leaning down, he presses a soft kiss to my lips, knowing he can taste my
tears. When he pulls away, I grip his shirt, not letting him get too far. “Will
you take a bath with me?”
“Of course.”

“DO YOU HAVE any questions for me?” he asks, sitting across from me in the
massive Jacuzzi tub. I overfilled it with a ton of bubbles. He picks up my
foot and starts rubbing it as he places it on his thigh under the water.
“About what?”
“About the night Matt and I had our assignment.”
“You said you wouldn’t rat him out.” I’m not sure I want to know. I
didn’t even know LeAnne existed, and now I’m supposed to just listen to
how my ex killed her? Even that’s a little too fucked up for me.
“I’ll tell you anything,” Ryat answers.
“Anything?” I arch a brow at that, and he chuckles, a playful smile on his
lips.
“That was probably the wrong answer.” His laughter grows.
“You said it.”
He nods. “Okay. Anything.”
“Tell me about when you went to jail.” Ever since he made that remark, I
can’t get the image of him in handcuffs out of my head. I’m sure he’ll look
as hot as I imagine it.
“You caught that, huh?” He lets go of my foot for a second and reaches
up, running his hand through his hair, getting it wet and making it stand
straight up. “Remember when I drugged your water and put you to bed at
your apartment before I disappeared?” His hand sinks into the water and
goes back to rubbing my foot.
“Yeah …” What’s that have to do with anything? “Wait … you were
arrested? That’s where you were?” Prickett told me he was on an
assignment and not to call or text him because he wouldn’t answer.
“Well, not technically arrested. It was an assignment that Matt
volunteered me for.”
I frown. “Why would he do that?” Another one of his crazy plans?
“Exactly,” he says, confusing me even more. “Remember when we were
here before we went back to your place, and I had the TV on? There was a
shooting?” I nod. “That was a judge’s house. He’s a Lord. There was a hit
out on him. Someone broke in, but he wasn’t home at the time. Instead, they
killed his six-year-old son.”
I gasp, placing my hand over my mouth. “That’s why you were so mean
to me?” I ask remembering what he said to me at the house of Lords after
his meeting.
“I said I’m not doing this right now. And I meant that. So, unless you
want to really see me pissed, I suggest you back the fuck off.” His voice is
low, his words controlled, but his hand around my throat is shaking, giving
away his true feelings at the moment.
He nods. “We had an emergency meeting at the house of Lords. They
needed two volunteers. I was going to offer when Matt beat me to it,
offering both of us.”
The guys weren’t on good terms then, so why would he do that? “What
did you do?”
“Said yes.” He shrugs.
“Then what happened?”
“I had five hours to get my shit together, and one of those things was
you. I drugged your water, needing you to be asleep while I took off. Matt
and I met at the cathedral and got kidnapped where the judge met up with
us and ….”
I sit back and let him tell me all about his experience in jail with Matt
while he rubs my feet under the warm water. Every word has my heart
hammering. How does he do this every day? Just go blindly into an
assignment that he has no idea what it is? Or why he has to do it?
“Wait.” I stop him. “You came back to my apartment barely able to stand.
You had just gotten out?”
“I had.” He nods. “Matt tried to have me killed while in there. He
volunteered me for the assignment to get me away from you, but when he
realized I’d be back to you in no time, he had to come up with a new plan.”
I let out a long breath as the dots start to connect. “Unbelievable.” I shake
my head.
“What?”
“That’s why you married me,” I say knowingly. “Because he tried to kill
you. So, you needed new ammo to throw in his face.” He just watches me
while I go on. “And what better place to announce it than the house of
Lords annual party in front of everyone?” It was all planned. I can’t even be
mad at this point. It was pretty well thought out.
“I did.” He nods. Reaching forward, he grabs my hands and pulls me
toward him, our faces almost touching, our bodies smashing the bubbles.
“I’ve always been a selfish person, Blake. Willing to do whatever it takes to
get where I want to be. And out of all the things I’ve done, you are by far
the greatest reward for my selfishness.”
Ryat.
I LIE ON my back in our bedroom. It’s got to be past midnight, and it’s
pitch black in here. The sound of the ceiling fan going can be heard along
with the thunder outside.
Blake is cuddled up to my left side, and I have one arm under my head,
propping it up while the other holds my cell. I watch the cameras on my app
that surround the house inside and out. It shows the rain running off the
gutters and parts of the ground that are already flooding. And every now
and then, lighting strikes.
“Ryat,” she whispers. “Aren’t you tired?’
“No,” I say, my eyes zeroing in on a part in the front yard that looks
suspicious. Like something or someone is standing at the end of the
driveway. Looking over at the other camera that gives me a better view, I
sigh when I see it’s the trash can that Gunner put out there for me.
Then it’s jerked out of my hand. “Blake …” I hear it hit the floor.
She pulls back the covers and straddles my hips. “If you’re awake, then
pay attention to me.” Running her hands up and down my chest slowly, she
drags the tips of her fingernails softly over my skin, making me shiver.
I place my hands on her naked hips and squeeze. We always sleep naked.
I prefer her to dress like it’s twenty below outside this house, but inside—
nothing.
She bends forward and presses her lips to my neck. Lightning strikes
outside the window, lighting up the room through the curtains. “Blake,” I
warn, my hands moving up to her sides, feeling her ribs.
“What?” she asks innocently.
“We can’t,” I tell her, hating that she can already feel how hard I am.
“Why?” she whispers, kissing up to the shell of my ear, and my hands
move up her back and tangle in her hair.
“Because you just got out of the hospital.” As the words leave my lips,
she starts grinding her hips on top of me.
Fuck!
“Are you going soft on me?” Her warm breath falls across my skin when
she whispers, and I know I’m about to crack.
“No,” I say and roll over, taking her with me.
She squeals in surprise, and I pin her underneath. “Good.”
Lightning strikes once again, brightening the room and I see the smile on
her face. “I don’t want to hurt you,” I say, bending down to press my lips to
her neck. As long as I’m the one on top, I can control what we do and how
we do it.
“Since when?”
I give a rough laugh. My wife is trying to push me. “It’s not going to
work, Blake.”
“I want to be your good girl.”
I groan at the sound of her voice—so eager to please me. “You are,” I tell
her.
“Then tell me to fuck your cock,” she says softly.
“Blakely,” I growl her full name, hoping she understands I mean
business.
“Ryat,” she counters, her fingers running through my hair and pulling
lightly on it. “Fuck me.” She orders desperately, her hips lifting to meet
mine.
And I feel what little restraint I had left, break. Reaching between our
bodies I grab my cock and slide into her wet pussy. She was already ready
for me, like I was her.
Arching her back, she let’s out a sound that can only be victory while I
promise myself to go slow and be careful with her. I can make love to my
wife.
BLAKELY.
IT’S BEEN THREE weeks since my stay at the hospital. Life finally seems to be
getting back to normal. Well, as normal as it can be. Nothing has really been
the same since I ran away. It’s weird not going to Barrington now.
Ryat refuses to let that happen. He swears the person he’s hired to take
over as me has straight A’s. When I asked him how he expects to graduate
when he’s skipping all of his classes, his answer was, “I’m a Lord. We don’t
have to show up. No matter what, we graduate.”
I guess it made sense. They have to do assignments—remain loyal to
their oath—and some keep them away for days, even weeks at a time.
Barrington is on the Lords payroll. I always knew the University was
crooked. It just took becoming a Lady to find out how much.
Ryat was right—my face has finally healed, and you can’t even tell. I’m
still getting headaches often, and Ryat took me to see Gavin earlier this
week for more tests to look into it, but he gave me the all clear. Said
hopefully over time, they will be less and less.
“I’m almost done,” Sarah announces while I stare up at Ryat’s bathroom
ceiling at the house of Lords while she works on my neck.
It’s Halloween, and they’re throwing a big party. The hotel sits on several
hundred acres, and they’ve set up a haunted house, hayride for the woods,
and a walkthrough mirror maze. It’s actually pretty cool. I had to beg Ryat
to come. I swear, I see himself going crazy while he sits at the cabin
watching the cameras. Matt hasn’t been seen or heard from since I saw him
last in my car at Blackout. It’s as if he’s dropped off the face of the earth.
“Done.” Sarah steps back from me.
Lowering my head to look at her, I turn to face the mirror. “Nice.” I smile
at myself.
I’m a sacrifice. It’s as fucked up as I could think. Halloween is meant to
be scary. I didn’t want to do the whole look at me, I’m a cute bumblebee. I
went the opposite way.
Now, don’t get me wrong, I’m still dressed like a slut. I want to get my
husband so wound up that when we’re finally alone later, he rips this thing
off me because he’s tired of others seeing me in it. I love being his good
girl, but I also enjoy being punished. I’ve gotten to the point where we need
some excitement. He needs me to take his mind off Matt and I know how to
do it.
I know how Ryat feels about the Lords—he’s devoted his life to them. I
wanted to show him that I can do that too. He’s sacrificed so much to get
where he is, and he’ll have to continue to do so. Even after Barrington. So,
I’m sacrificing myself to him.
Matt fucked up my initiation, and Ryat told me last week that the Lords
aren’t going to have me make it up. A part of me was disappointed. I
wanted to show him that I could be what a Lord needs. Another part of me
wondered if that was what Matt’s plan really was—to keep me from doing
my initiation, hoping the Lords would exile me. Either way, he lost.
“They’re done,” Sarah says, reading a text on her cell.
The Lords had a meeting down in the basement once we got here. It gave
us time to get ready. “Okay. Let’s go and meet them out there.” If Ryat finds
me dressed and looking like this in his room, we won’t be leaving it tonight.
Grabbing my cell off the counter, I flip off the light and hop from foot to
foot while shoving my feet into my heels while walking across his room to
the door.
“I texted Gunner that we will meet them in the ballroom,” she informs
me as I lock the door behind us.
“Okay.” We make our way through the hotel. They went all out with the
decorations. The walls of the hallway are covered in what looks like
spiderwebs. Some dip low from the ceiling, and you have to duck. They’ve
got smoke machines sitting on the floor to reduce visibility.
“Let’s get a drink first,” she calls out over the music, and I nod in
agreement.
Yes, please. Ryat and I haven’t used a condom, and I’m no longer on
birth control, but there have been no signs of being pregnant. I was
informed in the hospital that it was standard procedure to test me, and it was
negative. Plus, I just got off my cycle last week. I’m honestly surprised by
that. But I’m not worried. I would at least like to graduate college first, and
that’s a year away.
Stepping into the kitchen, she pours us each a mixed drink that looks like
a fruit punch of some kind out of a witch’s cauldron. Once done, we head
back through the hotel and to the ballroom. They have the DJ here like that
first night in the corner at the head of the room.
I see some of the Lords—non-seniors—walking around holding trays,
serving drinks and snacks. They’re not dressed in their cloaks and masks
tonight. Instead, they are dressed in all black with half of their faces painted
like a skeleton.
I did Ryat’s face before we left the cabin earlier. I had to lie and say that I
needed Sarah to do mine once we got here. I could have done it myself, but
he didn’t know what I was going to be.
Bringing the straw to my lips, I take a drink, hoping that it doesn’t
remove my lipstick. When I feel him enter the room, I smile around it to
myself.
A hand slaps my ass, making it sting. “Wanting me to fuck that ass to
remind you who owns it?” he growls in my ear.
That thought has me sucking harder on my straw. Turning around, I face
him.
Ryat.
FUCK ME!
She’s got her makeup done heavier than usual. Black eye shadow with
thick and long fake lashes. They look like spiderwebs on the top with black
liner. It makes her blue eyes stand out even more. Her lips are painted a
deep red.
My eyes drop to her neck. She’s got makeup on it as well. She’s made it
look like her neck has been slit from one side to the other. Fake blood runs
from the wound and spills over her breasts, displayed by her low-cut dress.
In the middle of her chest is an upside-down cross—just like above the man
entrance of the cathedral.
Reaching out, I run my knuckles down it and slide my hand into her
dress, feeling what I already knew—she’s not wearing a bra.
Arching a brow at her, I say. “You’re really asking for it, aren’t you?”
“Maybe.” She places the straw back to her lips and sucks on it.
“It’s missing some accessories.”
She quits sucking on her straw and frowns at me. “Like what?”
Leaning into her, I lower my lips to her ear. “That open-mouth gag with
your body covered in your own drool and my cum.” Pulling back, I look
down at her, and she swallows.
Fuck, she looks amazing! That dress ripped to shreds on the floor, her
body tied, naked and gagged in the bunker ready for me to use sounds
perfect. I’d much rather spend my night with her like that than here.
Her eyes drop to my black jeans, and the outline of my hard cock is on
full display. “Yeah,” I tell her, and she looks up at me. “My cock is as hard
as your pussy is wet.” I’m sure.
“Ryat.” Shoving my chest, she laughs, thinking I’m joking.
I grab her hand and yank her to me, her body crashing into mine. Lifting
my hand, I cup her cheek, my thumb softly running over her painted lips. “I
know what you’re doing.”
“And?” she whispers, opening her lips. Her tongue slides between her
lips, sucking it into her mouth.
“It’s working.” I growl.
Pulling back, I pop my thumb out, and she smiles up at me. “You can
prove that later.” Then she turns, giving me her back to talk to Sarah.
BLAKELY.
I WALK ACROSS the backyard, my heels sinking into the soft ground. It’s cold
out here, but I needed a second to catch my breath. It was getting hot and
crowded inside the house. We’ve been here for over an hour and the music
is too loud. Ryat was talking to Gunner and Prickett, so I took a second to
get away.
Looking over to my left, I see the truck and trailer hauling people into the
woods for the scary hayride. Ahead of me, at the back of the property is
where they’ve set up a haunted house with mirrors. I plan on making Ryat
take me on all of them at some point tonight.
Lifting my newest drink that Ryat made me, I take a sip and come to a
stop when I hear laughter to my right.
“Tyson.” A girl squeals.
Squinting, I see him picking up a woman and throwing her over his
shoulder. He walks her toward the tree line, and I find myself following
them. I stop when they do, making sure to stay far enough away where they
can’t see me through the heavily wooded area.
He drops her to her feet, and she throws her blond hair over her shoulder,
looking up at him. He tosses back his drink before dropping the now empty
cup to the ground. “On your knees.” Tyson orders her. “Legs tucked
underneath you.”
My lips pucker, sucking on my straw, making myself more comfortable
and leaning against a tree.
She does as she’s told, kicking off her heels first and then dropping to her
knees in her mini dress, her ass sitting on the heels of her feet. She’s got cat
ears on top of her head—her nose is pink painted on the end and black
whiskers are on her cheeks with her black eye shadow and thick liner,
completing the cat look.
Tyson reaches down and unfastens his belt, he rips it from the beltloops,
and I take another drink, staring like a peeping tom. Kneeling in front of
her, he slides the leather belt underneath her shins and the ground, bringing
it around her legs on top of her thighs, pulling it tightly, making her
whimper.
I can see her skin pulling from here. Pressing on her shoulders he pushes
her back into the skinny tree he’s got her kneeling in front of. He stands and
grabs a pair of handcuffs from his back pocket.
I suck on my straw some more, the burn no longer even bothering me.
I’ve lost count on how many I’ve had since we arrived.
“Left arm.” He demands and she lifts it to him without question. He
wraps the cuff around her wrists tightening it to the point it makes her cry
out. Her chest rising and falling quickly. Holding it up, he walks behind her,
pulling it behind the skinny tree. “Other one.” he snaps his fingers, and she
lifts it as well behind herself. Tyson fastens that one, cuffing them above her
head and behind the tree. The position has her body pulled tight, chest
pushing out, her heavy breathing can be heard from where I stand.
He walks back around in front of her and kneels, running his knuckles
down her face. She leans into it, her lips parting and her tongue darts out
before he pushes two fingers into her mouth. She gags, her chest heaving
before he pulls them out and slaps her across the face, making her whimper.
My pussy pulses and I take another drink. I should go …
“Open.” He commands and she parts her lips again for him. “Good girl.”
He praises her and I swallow, my thighs clenching. Shoving two fingers
into her mouth again, he slowly runs them over her tongue that she sticks
out for him.
Taking another drink, it slurps, and I freeze, hoping that they didn’t hear
that. The way he’s finger-fucking her mouth and she’s gagging; I’d say that
they didn’t hear a thing. “Keep your mouth open.” He orders, pulling them
out and standing. He unzips his jeans.
Nope! I turn around to run inside, but hit a wall, making me yelp.
“Shh,” A hand goes to my hair and gently pulls my head up to look in a
set of green eyes.
It’s Ryat. Fuck! “I …”
“Shh,” He whispers, his eyes looking up and over my head and I know he
can see what I was watching. “You want to watch them?” He asks, his eyes
lowering back down to mine.
I shake my head but can’t make myself say the words. My numb lips
refusing to lie right now.
He pulls away from me and spins me around with his hands on my
shoulders. I see the girl still kneeling and cuffed with Tyson standing in
front of her, a black combat boot on either side of her restrained legs. He
has one hand in her hair, forcing the ears to hang off the side, while the
other grips the base of his cock that is in her open mouth.
“Ryat …” I whisper.
“It’s okay.” His deep voice assures me before I feel him lowering his lips
to my ear. “I don’t care if you watch them. I care if someone watches me
fuck you.”
Swallowing, I feel his hand reach around and slowly pull up my dress.
His fingers going between my legs, pulling my underwear to the side.
“Watch him fuck her mouth, Blake while I play with your cunt.”
Ryat.
I WAS WONDERING where the fuck my wife went. It didn’t take me long
to find her outside. I watched her follow Tyson and Nicki out here into the
woods.
Blake has always been curious when it comes to sex. She has a very open
mind and is willing to try anything. And although, I’d never share her, or
even let someone watch me fuck her, she likes to watch others. I noticed it
the first time when we walked in on Tyson and his server at Blackout. She
was almost ashamed that it turned her on.
It’s dark enough out here and we’re in the tree line enough that no one
can see us. Well, Tyson could if he looked up, but he’s too busy to care.
Plus, he likes an audience.
“You’re wet.” I say and she whimpers, her body trembling.
I spread her pussy the best I can in this position and slide a finger into her
sweet cunt, making her suck in a breath. “Ryat … I—”
My free hand comes up and wraps around her throat from behind as well,
cutting off her words. She doesn’t need to explain herself to me. “Just
watch them.” I order, feeling her swallow against my hand. I’m not cutting
off her air just yet.
Tyson pulls out of Nicki’s mouth, his pierced dick wet and drool runs
down her chest while she keeps her mouth wide open, staring up at him the
best she can. Her back and head are pressed into the tree due to how he’s
got her wrists cuffed behind it.
I work my finger in and out of Blake before entering another one, making
her breathing pick up. The lights behind us on the outside of the house give
us just enough to see them through the trees.
Tyson kneels down and shoves his fingers into her mouth again, pushing
her head back at an odd angle, and Blake’s pussy tightens around mine.
Nicki gags, her chest heaving. He pulls them out and slaps her across the
face. “Please?” She begs, her body fighting the restraints.
“Please what?” He asks her, before forcing his drool covered hand
between her tied legs. “You want to come?”
“Yes!” She nods her head quickly. “God, yes.” A cry rips from her when
he finds what he was looking for.
Blake moans, her hips rocking back and forth on my hand.
His free hand comes up and wraps around Nicki’s neck, holding the back
of her head to the tree. “What would you do for that?” Tyson questions. The
muscles of his forearm flex while he finger-fucks her cunt.
“Any—thing.” She licks her wet lips.
I enter a third finger into Blake and before she can make any sound, I
move my hand from her neck to her mouth, silencing her. “Shh,” I whisper
in her ear. “We don’t want to interrupt them.” I tell her.
Blake shakes her head and sucks in a breath through her nose.
Tyson removes his hand from between her legs and Nicki sags in
disappointment. “When I cum, you cum.” He informs her.
She opens her mouth up for him, understanding what he wants. He grips
her cheeks, leaning into her and spits into her mouth. “Don’t swallow until I
tell you to, do you understand?” He commands.
She can’t answer because that would require her shutting her mouth, so
Nicki nods the best she can with his hand holding her tear-streaked face.
“I want my cock drowning in your drool.” He adds.
Blinking, fresh tears roll down her cheeks and he lets go of her face to
stand. Gripping the hair at the top of her head, he pushes his cock into her
open mouth and doesn’t go easy on her.
Blake’s breathing picks up, her body rocking back and forth against mine
again while I finger-fuck her just as hard as Tyson fucks Nicki’s mouth.
My fingers are soaked shoved into Blake’s underwear and her cunt
tightens down on me while her body stiffens. Her pussy pulses when I feel
her cum on my hand seconds later. Removing my hand from her mouth, I
pull my fingers out of her and lift them to her mouth. “Clean them.” I order
roughly.
My cock is so fucking hard, and I wish it was covered in her cum so she
could clean it off instead.
Tyson let’s out growl, also cumming in Nicki’s mouth. “Swallow.” He
orders her when I feel Blake’s legs give out.
I slide a hand behind her knees and pick her up, carrying her back to the
house. I think we’ve had enough of this Halloween party. It’s time to take
my wife home so I can cum.
BLAKELY.
RYAT AND I lay on the floor in the living room of the cabin. The fireplace is
going, the flames heating up the room. I’m covered up with a blanket even
though I’m sweaty. We didn’t even make it to the bedroom. The moment we
entered the house, I jumped on him. I hated to even wait that long. If I had
my way, we would have had sex in his car in the parking lot of the house of
Lords.
He lays on his back, one hand behind his head, the other absentmindedly
runs through my hair while my head is on his bare chest. My fingers run
over the Lord’s crest. “When did you get this?” I ask.
“A couple of weeks before classes started.” He answers.
“This year?”
“Yeah.”
I sit up and his hand falls from my hair to my bare back. Looking down
at him, I ask. “Did it hurt?”
He laughs softly. “Well, it didn’t feel good.”
“Will I have to get one?”
He sits up, cupping my face. His green eyes search mine. “Why would
you think that?”
I shrug. “If the Lords have to have a brand of some kind, I just figured
the Lady does too.”
“No—”
“What if I want one?” I ask softly.
Silence falls over us and I look away from his stare. My eyes dropping to
his brand.
“Blake,” His hand comes up and slides into my hair, forcing me to meet
his eyes again. “Why would you want one?”
Licking my lips, I answer honestly. The alcohol I had earlier helping me
out. “I want something to show my devotion. To prove that I’m all in.”
“You do.” He frowns, his free hand going to my left hand and lifting it to
kiss my wedding ring.
“That’s to you.” I sigh.
“That’s good enough for me.” He states.
Pulling away from him, I stand, wrapping the blanket tighter around
myself and go to walk out of the living room to our bedroom but he jumps
up and grabs my arm, stopping me.
“Hey?” He says softly, “I don’t need you to prove yourself to me. Do you
understand?”
“You did before.” I remind him.
“That was then.” Letting go of me he runs a hand through his hair. “This
is now.”
“And?” My eyes fall to it again. The round circle with three lines through
it. I know it represents power. Which a Lady doesn’t have much of.
“And I know how you feel about me.”
My eyes look up at his. I feel stupid for thinking of it. Of course, a Lady
doesn’t get the same mark of a Lord. We’re beneath them, right? Most
Lords have arranged marriages. We’re disposable. “It was stupid.” I say,
feeling dumb. “I just thought … I wanted to prove to you that I love all of
you. Even the part that takes you away from me.” At his silence I lick my
lips nervously and add. “You once said that you chose this life. I wanted to
show you that I choose it too.”
I go to walk away but he wraps an arm around me from behind, my back
now to his front. Pulling my hair off my shoulder and to my back, his lips
gently kiss my neck, right behind my ear. “Lie on the floor.” Comes his
command.
My heart picks up, my breathing coming quicker at the sound of his
voice. Without hesitation, I pull away and do as I’m told.
He walks over to the fireplace and grabs the tongs off the hook and then
removes his Lords ring from his right hand. My heart starts to pound in my
chest when I watch him place it on the end and over the fire, heating it up
Ryat.
I TRIED TO talk myself out of it. The fact that she wants the Lord’s crest
on her body, makes me proud. It’s just another way of me to claim her.
Another way to show she’s mine. One that won’t fade over time or wash off
in the shower with water and soap like that Sharpie that I had used in the
basement of Blackout.
She lays by the fire, the blanket wrapped around her chest, hands
gripping the material. As much as she wants this, she’s still nervous. Which
is understandable.
“Remove the blanket.”
She opens it up, showing me her naked body and I refrain from growling
at the sight of my naked wife. She still has her Halloween makeup on,
showing me the fake blood on her neck and upside down cross between her
breasts.
Pulling my ring from the fire, I walk over to her and kneel beside her.
Then I reach over and pick up her thong from earlier. “Put these in your
mouth. Bite on the material.” I order.
Grabbing them from my hand, she does as I say. Placing my left hand on
her chest, I hold it down. “Interlock your fingers behind your head and take
in a deep breath.”
She props her head up with her hands and my eyes drop to her body,
watching her chest expand and I don’t give her any warning, pressing my
ring into her skin, right below her left breast on her ribcage. She arches her
back, crying into her gag. Her body starts shaking while I hold it there for a
few seconds before pulling it away.
Tossing the tongs and my ring to the side, I remove my hand that was
pinning her down. Pulling on her body, I yank her up and into my arms,
removing her underwear. Her eyes are tightly shut, and tears run down her
face. “You did good, Blake.” I tell her.
Her long dark lashes flutter open and her watery eyes meet mine.
Pressing my lips to hers, I taste her tears. She opens up for me and I
deepen the kiss, readjusting both of us on the floor I place myself between
her legs, spreading them wide, now that she lies underneath me. “So,
fucking good.” I praise her and she whimpers, her hands going to my hair,
her nails scraping my scalp making me moan.
My free hand goes between our bodies, and I slide my cock into her,
making her hiss in a breath. My lips find hers and I don’t let them go. I keep
them captive while my hips move in and out of her—owning her.
I want her to know that she didn’t give herself over to me for nothing. I
will take from her, but I will also give her everything that I have. As much
as I own her, I fucking need her. “I love you.” I pull my lips from hers long
enough to speak then they’re back on hers, taking her breath away.
BLAKELY.
IT’S BEEN SIX weeks since Halloween night. It was eventful to say the least.
Watched Tyson fuck a woman in the woods. Had my husband brand me like
I was a piece of cattle he owns. But I don’t regret it. I wanted him to
understand just how far my love for him went.
Things have been going great. We’ve fallen into a routine that almost
makes me feel like we’re normal. Going to the movies, out to dinner. It’s
like we’re a real couple that doesn’t live in a secret society. Which is crazy
since we’re actually husband and wife. Sometimes I have to remind myself
that he’s my husband because it just feels too good to be true.
Ryat unlocks the front door to the cabin. I step into the foyer but come to
a stop when I see Matt sitting in the middle of the brown leather couch in
the living room. Leaning back, he looks relaxed, his arms fanned across the
top of the cushions.
“We’ve got dinner tomorrow night with Ty,” Ryat reminds me as he
enters behind me. “Don’t let me forget to get that bottle of scotch that he
likes.”
If I wasn’t so terrified, I’d blush at the fact we have plans with a man I
openly watched have sex. Instead, I swallow. “Ryat?” I manage to say his
name through the knot in my throat, looking over my shoulder at him
locking the front door.
“It’s a party.” I hear Matt say cheerfully.
Ryat looks up, also coming to a stop beside me. His eyes trained on Matt.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Ryat demands.
How did he get past the cameras?
Matt leans forward, placing his elbows on his knees. “Came to get what’s
mine.” His eyes go to me.
I shake my head, my hand unable to hold my purse, and it drops to my
feet. “No.” The single word cracks, slipping through my lips.
Ryat places his arm on my chest to push me behind him, but Matt jumps
to his feet, pulling a gun from the waistband of his jeans, and points it at
me. “Don’t move, or I’ll shoot her,” he warns.
“Matt,” Ryat growls his name, lifting his hands out in front of him. “Let
her go. This is between us. I’m the one you’re mad at. It’s me you want.”
“No … please …”
“He’s right, Blakely. I wanted you. But you fucking married him!” he
shouts, the gun shaking in his hand. “And as much as that disgusts me …”
My body trembles, but I can’t move. No matter how loud my mind screams
to. I can’t leave Ryat. “If I can’t have you, then no one can.”
I’m hit with what feels like a Mack truck. The force knocks me back into
the front door. My body shakes like an earthquake as loud bangs go off in
the distance. I can’t breathe. My body’s being crushed. Lifting my arms, I
feel soft material. I open my eyes and see a white blur in front of me.
Looking up, I meet a set of green eyes. “Ryat … what?”
Realization returns that Ryat is the one crushing me to the door. His body
pinning me to it. I feel wetness against my chest. “What?” I look down, and
my T-shirt is soaking up blood.
“You’re okay,” he assures me, sucking in a ragged breath. “You’re okay,”
he repeats like he’s trying to convince both of us.
I look at his white shirt, and I see the blood covering it. “Oh, God.” I
gasp. “Ryat.” He’s been shot.
“Blake.” He reaches up and grabs my face, his hands feeling cold and
clammy. “I’m sorry …”
Tears sting my eyes while I try and catch my breath. “Don’t ... Don’t do
this.”
“I love you, Blake.” He whispers.
“No. No. No. Don’t!” I shout, gripping his bloodstained shirt. “Why?”
Why would he do this to us? To me?
“You think I’d kill for you, but not die for you?” He shakes his head
gently. “Silly girl.” His words are getting softer. I can barley hear them over
the blood rushing in my ears.
“Ryat …” I sob.
“You deserved better,” he whispers.
Tears fall down my cheeks and I lick my wet lips.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t better.”
“Ryat?” I cry. “Please. Don’t leave me.” Blood starts to run from his
nose. “Please …” I beg it to stop, my voice breaking.
Smiling, I watch the color start to drain from his handsome face. It
falters, and he places his forehead against mine.
I wrap my arms around him, trying to hold him up, but his knees give
out, and I fall to the floor with him. Leaning over his body, I see the blood
start to pool around us onto the tile. He lifts his hand to my face. “Why did
you do that?” I ask, my hands fisting his shirt.
“Because … I love you,” he says through a cough, and then his hand falls
to the floor to his side.
“Ryat?” I shout. Mine pound on his chest. “Ry—at?” it cracks when a
sob racks my body.
“Get up!” Matt grips my hair and starts pulling me from my husband.
“No! I won’t leave him!” I scream, twisting in his grip.
“Get your ass off the floor!” he demands, bending down and wrapping an
arm around my neck. He yanks me backward, and my hands lose their grip
on Ryat’s shirt.
He picks me up off my feet, choking me, and I kick. Silently screaming
while I look at Ryat’s dead body lying on the floor. His eyes are now
closed, and his head is tilted to the side, facing me.
Matt leans into my ear. “He willingly gave you to me, Blakely. Giving
his life for you was fucking pointless. For him anyway. For me, it was
everything.” Then he drags me out of the house.
My fingers dig into his forearm that chokes me. My feet kick up dirt and
rocks, forming a dust storm around us. He gets into a car, dragging me with
him. Someone else closes the door while he lets go of my neck. I gasp for a
breath while he throws my back onto the bench seat. Then he’s pressing his
knee into my chest, crushing me.
I try to scream, but nothing comes out. He pulls a syringe out of his
pocket and removes the cap with his teeth. I silently cry when he grips my
face shoving it to the side. Then I feel the sting on my neck. My body
instantly goes numb, my arms and legs dropping like dead weight. He
removes his knee from my chest, and I take in a ragged breath. His hand on
my face moves it to where I have to look up at him hovering over me. He’s
smiling down at me.
“I always win, Blakely. And you were always supposed to be mine.”
Letting go, he runs his knuckles down the side of my face.
“Is she out?” I hear a voice off in the distance.
I blink, taking every ounce of strength I have to open them back up
again.
“Almost,” he answers.
“Took you long enough,” the voice snaps.
And I try to rack my foggy brain to place it. It sounds so familiar …
“I got the job done,” he snaps.
This time when my eyes close, they don’t open again.

I WAKE UP, rolling onto my side. Grabbing my head and stomach, I feel sick.
Nauseous.
Opening my heavy eyes, I see I’m on a bed in an unfamiliar room. It’s
large with white and purple décor. I roll off it and make my way to the
adjoining room. Thank God, it’s a bathroom. I fall down at the toilet and
hug it while I vomit, hearing the bedroom door open. I sit on my ass, my
hand wiping the vomit from my mouth.
“Well, well, well, the whore is awake.”
I get sick once again. When I think I’m done. I fall back onto my ass, my
back hitting the side of the Jacuzzi tub, and look up to see Matt standing in
the bathroom. And the person standing beside him is my mother. “You …” I
grind out. “You helped him do this?” I knew the voice sounded familiar. It
was my fucking mother?
“You gave her too much,” she snaps at him, ignoring me.
“I gave her less than suggested,” he argues. “She needs to eat
something.” Walking out of the bathroom, he returns seconds later with a
tray that must have already been in the bedroom. A piece of toast sits on a
plate with scrambled eggs. It all looks old.
How long have I been here?
And Ryat? Oh God, Ryat. The memory hits me like a fist to the face.
They killed him! My mother may not have pulled the trigger, but she was
there to help Matt. Tears sting my eyes, and my throat tightens.
Matt places the plate on the countertop and tosses the piece of toast at
me. It falls onto the floor in front of me. “Eat that,” he orders.
Slowly, I look up at him through my watery lashes, wishing I could set
his ass on fire. “Fuck you!” I growl through gritted teeth.
He smiles. “Oh, we’ll get to that. But first, eat.”
“No!” I tell him. Ryat is dead. My mother is helping Matt kill him and
kidnap me. Why would I do a damn thing he tells me?
He lets out a huff.
My mother sighs. “You need to eat—”
“Fuck you!” I scream, interrupting her. My throat burns, and my ears
ring.
“That’s it.” Matt charges toward me and picks up the toast off the floor.
Gripping my hair with one hand, he yanks my head back and shoves the
toast into my mouth, down my throat.
I choke on it, pieces flying from my lips.
“Don’t do that,” my mother hisses, pulling him away from me.
I scramble back to the toilet just in time to puke again.
“She needs a doctor.” I hear Matt growl.
“I know what’s wrong with her,” my mother states.
“Yeah, she’s been knocked out for two days. She needs to eat.”
“No,” my mother disagrees.
I sit back on my ass and wipe the spit from my chin.
“She’s pregnant.”
I haven’t officially confirmed it. I wanted to wait a few more days before
I took a test because I’ve been late before. Even when I was on birth
control, and I didn’t want to get my hopes up. I drop my eyes to the floor.
“Son of a bitch!” Matt hisses. “You let him knock you up, you stupid
bitch!” he yells at me. “Goddammit, that fucking bastard!” He kicks the
cabinets.
I look up at him through watery lashes, vomiting so hard, it’s made me
cry. “He’s my husband!” I shout back at him. Then a smile pulls at my lips,
adding, “He can do whatever he wants with me.”
His face goes red with rage. “He’s fucking dead, Blakely. Just like that
baby is about to be.” He begins to roll up his sleeves. Then he fists his
hands, walking over to me.
My mother places her hand on his chest, stopping him. “What in the hell
do you think you’re doing?”
“Getting rid of it,” he answers with a huff.
I shove away from the toilet, pressing my back into the side of the tub
once again, bringing my knees to my chest. I watch them wide-eyed face
one another. Ryat may be dead, but I won’t let them touch our baby. I’ll find
a way out of here. I’ll buy myself some time.
“You’re not touching her.” She lifts her chin.
“You can’t be serious.” He points at me. “She’s fucking pregnant. I don’t
want his kid! Don’t tell me you fucking want an Archer baby?”
“Of course, I do.” She crosses her arms over her chest. “It’ll give me a
second chance. To do things right this time.” She looks over at me and pulls
her lips back with disgust.
“No.” He shakes his head.
“Yes,” she hisses. “She’s not showing yet, so she can’t be that far along.
You went twenty-one years without her. You can go seven more months.”
He huffs. “This brings on more complications.”
“I’ll handle it. I’ll bring in a chef for a special diet. A doctor, she needs
prenatal vitamins, an ultrasound. It’ll be fine …”
“You’ve lost your fucking mind if you think I’ll hand my baby over to
you,” I say through gritted teeth. Is that why Ryat stepped in front of me?
Because he knew we were expecting? Maybe I gave off signs that I didn’t
see, but he did. “Especially since you’re not even my biological mother.”
I expected that to piss her off, but she just smiles down at me while Matt
snorts. “Bless your heart, honey,” she says condescendingly. “I will cut that
baby out of you myself and then leave what’s left of you for Matt.”
My stomach drops at her words. My watery eyes dart around the
bathroom to see if there’s anything for me to use against them. I’ll have to
check the bedroom. They’ve had to miss something that I can use to escape.
“Fine.” Matt rolls his eyes. “She can keep it, but after it’s born, Blakely
and I are gone.”
She nods. “Deal.”
They both turn and exit the bathroom. I hear the bedroom door shut
followed by the sound of several locks, letting me know that wherever we
are, I’m locked inside these two rooms.
I begin to cry, thinking about Ryat. How could he do this to me?
Willingly die to leave me behind. Is that why he did it? Because he knew I
was pregnant? How does he expect me to live without him? The bile begins
to rise again, and I find myself scrambling back to the toilet.
Ryat.
BEEP … BEEP … BEEP …
I groan, my hands coming up to my head and pressing on it, trying to
stop the headache that pounds behind my eyes.
Beep … beep …. beep …
“Will someone turn that fucking sound off?” I ask, my voice scratchy,
and my throat feels like I’ve swallowed sandpaper.
“Ryat?” A voice gasps.
“Yeah.” I open my eyes to see a blurry shape in front of me. “Blake?” I
reach out for it, but my hand misses touching nothing but air.
Beep … beep … beep …
“Turn it off!” I snap, the sound of my own voice making me flinch as it
echoes in my head.
“We can’t. It’s the only thing telling us you’re alive,” I recognize as
Gunner say.
“I’m talking, aren’t I?” I growl.
“You haven’t spoken in a week,” he states.
Pressing my palms into my eyes, I rub them once again. They’re a little
more focused now. I see Gunner on a couch, Prickett standing by a window,
and then Sarah sitting on the side of my bed.
“Where’s Blake?” I ask, looking around.
The room falls silent.
Beep … beep … beep …
The sound of the machine picks up its rhythm when I don’t see her.
“Where the fuck is she?”
Sarah looks away from me, and I hear her sniff. She goes to stand, but I
grip her forearm, yanking her back down to my hospital bed. “Where the
fuck is she?” I shout.
“She’s … gone.”
“Sarah!” Gunner snaps at her.
She covers her face with her hands and begins to sob.
“What the hell do you mean, she’s gone? Where did she go?”
“Matt …” Sarah cries. “He took her.”
Beep. Beep. Beep.
I release her, and she runs out of the room bawling. Sitting up, I ignore
the head rush and blurry vision. I start yanking wires off my body and arms.
“Ryat,” Gunner begins. “You can’t leave. You were shot four times …”
“I’m fine.”
“No, you’re not,” Prickett argues. “You need rest. Your body needs to
recover.”
“I need Blake!” I shout. “Where is she?”
Gunner sighs while Prickett runs his hands through his hair.
“Where is she?” Panic grips my chest like a vise. This can’t be
happening. Did he say I’ve been here for a week?
“We don’t know.” Prickett speaks softly. “We pulled up to the cabin just
as another vehicle was leaving … we walked inside and found you lying
dead in the foyer. Gunner performed CPR while Sarah called 911, and I
went after the car. By then, it was too late. It was gone. After we searched
the house, we realized she had to have been in the car. We figured by the
smear of your blood on the floor that she was dragged away.”
Throwing my two legs off the side of my bed, I try to stand, but my
knees give out. I fall but catch myself on the side of the bed.
“Ryat …” Gunner runs over to me and grips my arms to help me stand.
I shove him away. Well, I try but he doesn’t budge. “I need my phone. I
have to go get it…”
“No.”
“Yes. I can’t be here.” Not while she’s out there. Somewhere alone. Lost.
Terrified. I should be with her. I should be protecting her. “My phone …”
“Ryat!” Gunner snaps as Prickett runs out of the room.
I yank the IV out of my arm, and blood squirts onto the bed.
“Ryat, get back in bed!” Gunner demands.
“No. I need my goddamn phone.” Why aren’t they listening to me? “It
was in my jeans …”
The door bangs open, hitting the interior wall, and Prickett enters with a
couple of nurses. They don’t even give me the chance to explain.
Prickett shoves his elbow into my back, forcing me to bend over the side
of the bed when I feel a pop in my hip. Then my eyes close with her name
on my lips.

“WHAT …?” MY HEAD is foggy once again. The light blinding. I blink, tilting
my head to the side. I go to rub my eyes but realize my wrists are restrained
to the hospital bed.
Sighing, I mumble, “You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.”
“I’m afraid it’s the only option you left them.”
Opening my eyes, I see my dad standing next to the bed.
“I need to leave,” I say, feeling my tongue stick to the roof of my mouth.
“You need to recover,” he argues.
“Why does everyone keep saying that. Blakely …”
“We’ll find her.”
I open my eyes to see my father-in-law entering my room with two cups
of coffee. He’s the last person I want to see, but he might be the only one
who will want to find her as bad as me. “I know where she’s at,” I growl.
“If anyone would let me get my goddamn phone.”
“I have it.” My dad pulls it from his back pocket. “After they sedated
you, Gunner ran back to the cabin and pulled it from your jeans. I guess
when the paramedics arrived, they had to cut them off you. It was still in
your pocket.”
I go to reach for it, but the damn restraints stop my actions. I throw my
head into the flat pillow and grind my teeth to keep from screaming. I don’t
want them to sedate me again.
“Open it up,” I growl. “I have an app on there that tracks her.”
My father looks across the bed to my father-in-law, who stands on my
left. “Uh,” my father starts. “Ryat, her cell was left behind. You can’t track
it.”
I close my eyes, hating having to explain what I did, but also glad that I
did it.
Gavin sighs. “I have to ask Ryat. Are these injuries from you?”
“No,” I snap. I’m rough with Blake during sex, but I’ve never physically
beaten her. Matt slammed her face into the steering wheel, not me.
He arches a brow.
“Why would I lie about that?” It’s not like I’d be in trouble if I did do
this. The Lords specifically place members into the legal system.
Unfortunately, beating your wife isn’t a criminal offense. They don’t want a
Lord in prison for assault or domestic violence cases when he’s needed for
an assignment.
“During my initial exam,” he goes on at my silence. “I noticed the
writings on her body—in Sharpie. I figured maybe things got out of hand.”
I’m not even mad about the fact that he thinks I did this, but the thought
of him seeing her naked makes my fists clench. “No,” I repeat. “I didn’t
beat my wife.”
“You know how it is with the Lords and their chosen’s,” he adds. “I’ve
seen my fair share in here over the past twenty years since I graduated from
Barrington.” He then places her X-rays up on the wall and flips the switch
to the light behind it, lighting the film. I can see all of her bones from her
chest up. And Gavin takes the end of a pen and points at the spot between
her right shoulder and neck. “Is this what I think it is?”
“Yes.” I growl and add. “Leave it there.”
He nods once. “I just wanted to also let you know that we ran a
pregnancy test. It was negative.”
I didn’t expect it to happen that fast, but I’m definitely going to keep
trying.
“It’s standard procedure,” he adds.
“When I got her back after she ran, I implanted a tracker between her
neck and shoulder.” I look up at her father. “So, unless Matt found out about
it and cut it out, it’s still there.” No one knew.
Phil runs his hand through his hair and nods to himself. Probably fighting
the fact that I did something so morally wrong, but also, it’s the only thing
that might save her life now. I was never going to let her get away again.
“Okay. Yeah, okay,” he finally agrees. “Let’s track it, and I’ll go get her.”
“Hell no,” I sit up, pulling on the restraints. “I’m going with you.”
“You’re not leaving this hospital until they release you,” my father snaps.
“He’s not going without me!” I argue. I want to hold her, pick her up in
my arms, and know that at that moment, she’s safe. I don’t want a fucking
phone call that she was found and have to talk to her over the phone. Or
worse, what if they find her body? No. I won’t believe that. She’s not dead.
She’s alive, and I’m going to make sure of it with my own two eyes.
“You’re wasting time! Take these off, and let’s go.” Who knows what
Matt is doing to her? But I have a hundred ideas of what I’m going to do to
him. He won’t like any of them.
My father places his hand on my shoulder. “Not until your body is
healed.”
“She’s pregnant,” I state.
Silence falls over the room.
“She told you?” my father asks.
“No.”
“Then you’re not sure …”
“I fucking know, okay!” I snap. I first realized it a couple of weeks ago. I
think it happened Halloween night. We had sex three times that night by the
time we finally went to sleep. There have been signs. I’m not even sure
she’s seen them, but they’ve been there. I know my wife’s body better than
herself.
My father sighs, running a hand down his face. “Did you tamper with her
birth control?”
My wife straddles me while I lay on my back in our master suite at the
cabin, my hands propping up my head. She runs her finger over the Lords
crest that was burned into my chest, lightly tracing it. “We should get
divorced in six months. My mother would flip.”
I snort at that thought. “That won’t be happening.”
Her finger pauses, and her eyes trail up over my chest and face to meet
mine. “I understand why we did this, Ryat.”
“Oh, yeah? Enlighten me.” I want to hear her thoughts on why I made
her mine forever.
“You don’t love me.” She shrugs. “I don’t love you. You wanted to marry
me to rub it in Matt’s face. I said yes because I didn’t want him and bonus it
will piss off my mom. I understand neither one of us meant forever in city
hall earlier today.” Yawning, she lays her head on my bare chest.
I’m still hard. I could fuck her all night, but I’ll let her rest. After all, I
have the rest of my life to fuck my wife. Because no matter what she thinks,
when I took my vow today, it was forever. After several minutes of silence,
her hands fall off the side of my body, and her breathing evens out.
She’s passed out.
Unlinking my fingers from behind my head, I run them through her
curled hair a few times. Then gently, I roll over, placing her down next to
me. I get up from the bed and make my way into the bathroom. I remove her
birth control pills and then the pack that I’ve kept stashed in my bag at the
back of the closet. I punch the dates she’s already used and place the
placebos ones back in the drawer. Blakely isn’t going anywhere. If I have to
keep her knocked up every day of our lives, I will.
“Yes—no,” I spit out. Sighing I add, “She ran and didn’t take it with her.”
That very next night was the ceremony at the house of Lords where she left
me. When I brought her back, I didn’t even bother with giving her the fake
shit. My wife wasn’t going to be taking it anymore.
Mr. Anderson places his cup of coffee on a tray next to my bed and
undoes my left wrist.
“What are you doing?” my father barks when he undoes the other.
“Didn’t you hear him? My daughter is pregnant. We need to find her
now. The tracking device will lead us right to her.”
“He needs medical attention,” my father argues.
“I’ll hire a doctor. Gavin. I’ll pay for him to travel with us.”
Finally! Someone gets it!
“Hand me my cell,” I order my dad while my father-in-law exits the
room, leaving us alone.
He pulls it back. “Ryat …”
“Don’t give me some bullshit!” I snap and flinch. My free hand now
pushing into my side to try relieving the burning pressure I feel. It doesn’t
work.
“How in the fuck are you going to save her?” he demands. “Ryat, you’re
injured. I know you love her, but risking your life to save hers just puts you
both in danger. Again.”
Baring my teeth, I glare up at him. “Hand me my goddamn phone.”
The door swings open, and my father-in-law returns along with Gavin. “I
must advise against—”
“I’m fucking going,” I interrupt the doctor. My heavy breathing fills the
room, and I bite my inner cheek to keep from whimpering at the pain in my
side. Fuck me, I can’t breathe.
“I’ll send you with pain pills, but Ryat … I can’t go with you,” Gavin
informs me.
“That’s … fine.” I manage to get out, I’ll eat them like candy. Enough
drugs can make you feel invincible.
My father runs his hand through his hair aggressively and hisses in a
curse. “Goddammit, Ryat. You don’t even know she’s alive!”
There it is. The reason he doesn’t want me to risk my life for hers—
because he thinks it’s not going to be worth it. “I’ve risked my life for the
Lords over and over,” I say, taking a deep breath. “I will do no less for my
wife. She deserves that!” This is all because of me. I put her in this life, this
situation. I will be the one to save her from it.
After a long second, he holds out my cell, and I take it. Letting out a long
breath, I pray Matt hasn’t found the tracker. It’s not common for the Lords
to use them. It should be mandatory if you ask me. But then again, I
actually love my wife.
Then without another word, he turns away from the bed and picks up his
jacket off the couch and exits the room.
“Ryat—”
“Give me a hundred,” I interrupt Gavin. After a long second, he
concedes.
“I’ll need an hour.”
“You’ve got twenty minutes!” I snap. I lie back on the bed, and he too
turns and storms out of the room, and my father-in-law follows him.
I unlock my phone and go to the app. “Please, please, please,” I chant.
When I see the red dot, my eyes start to sting, and I let out a breath I didn’t
know I was holding. Laying my head on my pillow, I sniff. “I’ve got you,
Blake. I’m coming.” Then I pull up a contact and press call.
BLAKELY.
SITTING IN THE middle of the bed, I rock back and forth. I’m pretty sure I’m
starting to go insane. I’ve cried until I made myself sick to my stomach.
Multiple times. Over Ryat jumping in front of me and slamming me into a
door to be a human shield. Now—I’m pissed at him. So, fucking angry that
he allowed Matt to win and left me behind.
Getting up from the bed, I walk to the adjoining bathroom to use the
restroom. This is my life. Loneliness and boredom.
It makes me wonder if this is what Ryat felt like those days he was in jail.
But only he knew he’d be released when his job was done.
Me? I’m in for life. And my mother plans on ripping my baby not only
from my arms but my actual body. I can’t allow that. I won’t. I have a plan,
but I’m not sure how I’m going to execute it. And if I try and fail? What
will they do to me then?
Finishing going to the bathroom, I go to the sink and wash my hands.
Drying them off, I go back to the bedroom for another long afternoon of
staring at the wall. I don’t even have a TV. I’m guessing that’s so I have no
idea what is going on with the outside world.
Exiting the bathroom, I yelp when I see Matt standing by the side of the
bed, inspecting my breakfast. I had to pretty much shove it down my throat.
I’m not hungry, but I won’t starve my child.
He turns to face me, and I take a step back into the bathroom. Chuckling,
he walks over to stand in the doorway, his large frame now blocking my
only exit.
Great, Blake! Real smart. “What do you want?” I demand.
His blue eyes drop to my bare legs and run up over my thighs until they
reach the bottom of my shorts. Then over my shirt. “I think you know
exactly what I want.”
I shake my head. “My mother …”
He reaches out, wraps a hand around my neck, and shoves my back into
the wall to the right. His body presses into mine, and the fact that I can feel
his hard dick inside his jeans makes me want to vomit again. “Your mother
isn’t fucking here!” He smiles down at me. “Plus, I can come inside you
and not have to worry about knocking you up.”
I whimper, my hands trying to pry his away that’s wrapped around my
neck, but it’s not working.
Leaning down, he runs his wet tongue along my face, and I gag as tears
sting my eyes.
“You know. I pretended to be repulsed by your fixation of being raped.”
“It’s called forced-sex fantasy ...” I grind out through clenched teeth.
“Asshole.”
“No.” He shakes his head once. “I’m talking about rape, Blakely.
Because I’m going to make you cry.” His eyes narrow on mine. “You’re not
going to enjoy it or get off on it. Not like you did when I watched Ryat
kidnap you from your apartment and then again in the woods.” He snorts.
“I’m going to fucking hurt you, beat you, and humiliate you.”
My stomach sinks at the thought of what he’ll do to me if he gets the
chance. And how whatever he has planned could hurt my baby.
“But I will give you a head start.” He lets go of my throat and takes a
step back.
I sag against the wall, sucking in a breath while rubbing it.
“Just because I know how much you like the chase.” His eyes drop to my
chest.
“I won’t …”
“Ten minutes,” he states, lifting his arm and looking down at his watch.
“Matt!” I snap. “I’m not going to …”
He backhands me across the face, knocking my head to the side. I gasp,
my hands coming up to the wall so I don’t run into it.
He grips my hair and yanks me over to the counter, shoving my hips into
it, and I scream for help. Even though I know no one will be here.
Holding me in place, his free hand comes up and grips my neck again.
“Why, Blakely?” He sighs as if disappointed. “You let Ryat play with you.”
I tremble, trying to get away from him. “But I guess …” He yanks my head
to the side and starts kissing my cheek. “If you don’t want to play, then I’ll
just fuck you here and now.”
“No. No. No.” I rush out through a gasp. “I’ll play.” I try to nod my head,
my watery eyes pleading for him to give me another chance in the mirror.
“I’ll play.”
“Good.” He steps back and shoves me by my hair into the bedroom. “Go.
The clock is ticking.”
I run out of the bedroom and slam the door shut behind me. Having to
open it may give me an extra second. I’m going to need it. I have no clue
where we are, but I decide to take the stairs to the lower level, hoping I can
get out. When I hit the landing, I trip over the edge of a rug, falling onto my
face. I quickly jump up and run to the front doors and try to open them.
Fuck! They’re locked. I twist the deadbolt and try again. Nothing. What
the fuck? Looking up I see another lock that’s too tall for me to reach.
“Oh, by the way. All the doors have added padlocks. And only I have the
key.”
I spin around, my hair slapping me in the face. Looking up, I see him
bent over the balcony, a knife in his hand, and he slowly runs the blade
down the side of his face pretending to shave. “And all windows are
bulletproof.” He gives me a chilling smile. “I’ve had time to prepare your
homecoming, baby.”
I shove off the door and run farther into the house. The sound of his
wicked laughter bounces off the walls, carrying throughout the house. I see
another set of stairs and decide maybe I should go up since he thinks I’m
down here. I grip the wooden banister, to stop my momentum and fling
myself around to run up when I run right into him.
The blow knocks me down. I cry out when my side hits the unforgiving
floor and roll onto my stomach to crawl away from him.
“Isn’t this fun?” He laughs. His hands wrap around my ankles, and he
starts dragging me backward across the tile.
I scream, trying to grab onto anything I can find, but all I do is pull a rug
with me, and a table down that was up against the wall.
He drops my legs, and I scramble to get up, but his hands grip my hair,
and he yanks me to my feet before slamming me face-first into a wall. His
large body pins me to it from behind.
“Matt,” I sob, “Please …”
“Shh, Blakely,” he says soothingly in my ear. “It’s okay, babe. It’s just a
game. We’re both going to win here.”
I try to shake my head, but he yanks it back even farther, forcing me to
look up at the high ceiling. My fists hit the wall, trying to push away from it
and give me some space.
“Your mother plans on doing whatever it takes to get that baby out of
you.” He presses the tip of the knife to the side of my stomach, and I stiffen,
my breathing stopping. “So, while she’s away, we’re going to play. That
way, I still get what I want. And she gets what she wants.”
“Valerie is not my mom. You killed my mother,” I growl, hating how
fucking helpless I am. Hating Ryat for doing this to me. To us! He promised
to protect me.
Matt laughs in my ear, making that taste of vomit rise once again, and I
swallow it down. “I just wanted a taste of her. I was going to be fucking her
daughter for the rest of her life. She was lying there, naked and waiting.
Begging to be fucked. What man would pass up the opportunity to have
both?”
“My husband would.” I growl.
His laughter grows. “He had no clue who she was. But if he had, I bet he
would have changed his mind.”
“You’re sick!” I scream. “You fucking bastard!” He yanks me from the
wall and shoves me forward so hard that I trip and fall to my knees.
Then I feel his hands on me. He tosses me onto my back and straddles
me. He shoves my shirt up to expose my bra to him, and I slap at his face.
He grips my wrists, pinning them down by my sides. “You do know that
your parents had to sign you up to be a chosen, right?”
“No,” I choke out.
“Not just any woman can give herself to a Lord. We can only pick from
who is on the list.” His hands tighten their grip, and I whimper. “Even they
recognized the whore that you are.”
I arch my back and scream for help, but it turns into a sob.
“Don’t cry, baby. This is your fantasy. This is what you want.”
“No,” I sob, my hair sticking to my wet face.
“Yes. I saw Ryat. I watched him carrying you tied and gagged and him
put you in the back of his SUV where he then hogtied you. He even lifted
your shirt and played with your tit. Then the woods—now that was
interesting. I wanted you to come find me, but it was him you found
instead. So I watched him get what was supposed to be mine. I watched him
fuck you in the woods,” he whispers. “And you know what I did? I jacked
off watching you get off while he fucked and choked you. You loved every
second of being treated like the whore you are. I underestimated you, baby.
But it’s okay. I can admit my mistakes.”
I whimper.
“I’m going to line them up for you.” He licks across my face, and I try to
turn my head but can’t how he has me pinned down. “Put my Lady to work
for the Lords. You’ll be the talk of the …”
“You’re not a fucking Lord!” I shout over him. I heard someone saying
that he was stripped of his title. On the run after Ryat killed Cindy and
Ashley.
His face morphs into red with rage and he leans down into mine so close,
his forehead rests on mine while he screams, “I AM A LORD …”
I move my head just enough to sink my teeth into his nose. As high up as
I can, feeling the skin tear and bones breaking. His blood fills my mouth
when he yanks back, breaking it free of my teeth, and I take the skin off in
the process. Then I spit it on him.
Sitting back on his knees, he brings shaking hands to his face, screaming
in agony.
“Fuck you!” I roll onto my side for better leverage, propping myself up
on my left arm and slam my foot into his face, knocking him back even
farther. “You motherfucker!”
He throws his head back, his arms out to his side while blood pours from
his face, screaming so loud my ears ring.
I get to my feet, turn and run out of the hallway only to come to another
one. It’s got door after door. I try them all, needing a place to hide. To
regroup. To wash up. Now I’m covered in his blood. It’s dripping off my
chin onto the floor. He’ll be able to track me. Plus, it’s making me want to
puke.
A door finally opens and it’s a set of stairs. I close it behind me and run
down them, skipping the last three. Landing on my feet, I trip but manage to
stay standing this time. I see a door to my right and open it. Shutting it
behind me, I lock it and listen to myself sucking in breath after breath.
It’s pitch black. My hand slides along the wall by the door, looking for a
light switch, but when I find it, I pause. I can see the light from the hallway
underneath the door. So I keep it off, not wanting to give myself away.
“BLAKELY!” I hear him shouting my name.
I throw my hands over my mouth, trying to silence my sob while walking
backward from the door in the dark.
“You fucking bitch!” he goes on. “You will beg on your knees! Your
fucking knees, BITCH!”
Taking another step back, I hit something hard and thankfully my hand
muffles the scream I make. It’s a wall.
Panic grips my chest, and I turn around to face it. My hands frantically
reach out, hoping to find a door handle of some sort or any way of an exit.
But the thought of any escape vanishes when the door to the room bursts
open.
Spinning around, I watch a blood-covered Matt step inside the dark
room. The light from the hallway behind him makes only his outline visible.
“I found you, you little bitch.”
I try catching my breath, but I can’t. My chest is heavy, and my side hurts
from running. “I knew you liked the fight.” He steps closer into the room,
reaching behind him, he pulls two pairs of handcuffs from his back pocket,
and a lump gets lodged in my throat. He smiles. “We’ll see how hard you
fight once these are on you.”
Ryat.
“DO YOU HEAR that?” Phil asks me, holding up his hand to listen.
It’s faint, but I hear it. “BLAKELY!”
“It’s Matt,” I confirm what we already expected.
“Yeah.” And he sounds pissed. “Let’s keep moving.”
We tracked her to a place around Niagara, on the lake of Ontario. It’s
about four hours away by car. Phil’s private jet got here in one. We have no
clue as to why he picked this place, but my guess is that he plans on
relocating her to Canada at some point.
Thanks to another Lord, we were able to get a hold of the prints and saw
tunnels that ran underneath the structure. Thankfully, we were able to enter
from the outside. The plans didn’t show the buildout complete.
I hold the gun in my right hand down by my thigh as we come up to a
right turn. Pressing my back into the wall, I lift my finger to signal him to
be quiet. Right before I go to look around the corner, he grabs my arm and
whispers, “Someone’s coming.”
I pause and listen, and sure enough, I hear footsteps. And … are they
humming? The sound grows louder, the steps closer. Sounds like high heels.
Looking over at my father-in-law, he shrugs. Who the fuck would be here
with them? Especially a woman?
They get closer and closer. I close my left eye, lifting the gun. I’m not
going to shoot whoever it is, but I want them to think I am.
I hear the last step before I see the person step into view. “I will blow
your head …”
The person spins around, and my arms immediately drop to my side,
lowering the gun. Wide green eyes meet mine. “Valerie,” Phil whispers,
looking at his wife in complete shock.
Fuck!
She takes a step back, and he steps forward. I watch her open her mouth
to scream, just as he reaches out and yanks her to him, spinning her around
so her back is to his front.
“Get the syringe,” he orders, turning her to face me.
I dig into the bag and pull out the drugs, removing the cover of the needle
with my teeth. Mr. Anderson moves her neck to the side with his hand on
her face while she screams into it. I stab her neck and administer the drugs.
Her body instantly drops in his arms, and he lets her fall to the floor.
“Fuck!” he hisses, running his hands through his hair.
“MOTHERFUCKER!”
“Keep it down!” I hiss. “If we can hear Matt, then he can hear us.”
He paces, his hands gripping his hair.
“We need to keep moving,” I growl. “Not like we have a lot of time. Take
her back—”
“No,” he interrupts me, his eyes snapping up to mine.
“Take her back to the car,” I demand, not in the mood to fight with my
father-in-law, but I will if need be. “I’ll go get Matt.”
“I need …”
A shrill scream cuts off whatever he was about to say, and I fist my
hands. “We’re wasting fucking time,” I snap at him. “Take the bitch to the
goddamn car and wait for us.” With that, I give him my back not even
bothering to see if he complies.
BLAKELY.
MATT’S GOT HIS hand fisted in my hair while he drags me up the stairs back
into the main part of the house. Once he gets me through the door, he
shoves me forward, and I sprawl out on the floor.
“Fuck! I never knew you could be this much fun, Blakely.” He laughs
from behind me.
I get up on my hands and knees and start to crawl away, but he grabs my
ankle, yanking me back. I sob, my hands gripping at anything but get
nothing while my body slides against the cold tile.
We finally come to a stop, and he grips my hair again, yanking me to my
feet, and leads me into the living room. I catch sight of something sitting in
the high-back chair, but my hair covers most of my face, restricting my
vision.
I’m shoved over the back of the couch, and he yanks my hands behind
my back before cuffing them, and every little bit of hope I thought I had is
gone.
I sob, and he yanks me to stand, his hand coming up around my neck
from behind. “Shh, Blakely. It’s okay. It’s just a cock. You’ve taken one
before.”
Closing my eyes, I bite my inner cheek to keep from giving him any
satisfaction of crying.
He leans over and whispers in my ear, “I’ve watched Ryat fuck you,
baby. He wasn’t gentle by any means.”
“That’s what she prefers!”
I look up to now see a familiar face sitting in the chair, and I almost cry
in joy. “Tyson—”
Matt cuts off my words, slapping his hand over my mouth from behind.
“You should have seen what he did to her in the basement at Blackout.”
His eyes drop to my legs.
My chest tightens. Ryat let him watch us. He promised me …
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Matt snaps at Tyson.
He holds out his hands to show they’re free of weapons before crossing
his arms over his chest. “Just came to collect Blakely.”
Matt yanks me back from the couch. “How did you …?” He snorts. “He
fucking put a tracker in her.”
My eyes widen.
“No, I did.” Tyson gives a cruel smile, making his handsome face look
evil.
Matt snorts. “Why the fuck would you track Ryat’s wife?”
“Because she’s a gift.”
I shake my head, not believing that one bit. Ryat would never …
“A gift? You expect me to believe that Ryat would hand her over to
you?”
“Oh, God. No.” he throws his head back, laughing. “She’s a gift from the
Lords.”
Matt stiffens against me, and I try to calm my breathing so I can hear
over the blood rushing in my ears.
“You know …” He looks around the room. “Since they owe me a wife
and all.” He shrugs, his eyes looking me up and down while he pulls his lips
back. “She’s not my first choice but …” Tyson shrugs carelessly. “You
know how it works. Once a Lady is a widow, they re-gift her to another
Lord.”
This can’t be true. I refuse to believe it.
Matt lets out a curse under his breath, and fresh tears sting my eyes.
“I knew you’d take care of Ryat eventually. I just had to sit back and
wait. You know I’m a patient man.” He reaches up and runs a hand down
over his unshaven face. “Plus, you owe me.” Tyson glares at Matt, rising to
his feet. “For that stunt you pulled outside of Blackout.”
Matt chuckles. “I knew you’d like that.”
Wait? Tyson has been on it the whole time?
“Once again, I knew you’d show up that night.” Tyson goes on. “Ryat
was too blinded by Blakely to think clearly. You weren’t going to allow her
to go through initiation to become a Lady. No man likes a woman having
more power than him.”
Matt laughs that off but doesn’t deny it.
“Why didn’t you take her, though? That was the only flaw in your plan.
You had a perfect opportunity and passed on it.” Tyson tilts his head to the
side.
“I wanted him to know that I was right there in front of him the whole
fucking time. And if I wanted to, I could have her.” He answers.
“Well, he’s dead now. So, you have nothing else to prove. Not to him
anyway. Hand her over!” Tyson orders, stepping closer to us.
“This could be fun.” Matt’s words seal my fate and it’s like a fist to my
chest knocking the air out of me. “The two of us and her.”
I try to free my head from Matt’s hand, but he just tightens his grip. “Tell
him, Blakely,” he urges. “Tell him about your fantasy of being raped.”
I sob at his words, embarrassed and terrified.
“It’ll be even better with two of us.” He goes on while Tyson just stares
at me. “Oh, and she loves breath play.” He pinches my nose, taking away
my air. “We can choke her out.”
I blink, causing fresh tears to run down my cheeks, and I see Tyson roll
his eyes. “Fucking an unconscious chick isn’t any fun. But I don’t expect
you to understand that. You always have been lazy.”
Matt just laughs off the insult. “This will be fun. I’ll take her cunt. And
you, well—you’ve always been a sucker for a mouth.”
Tyson leans over and reaches into a bag that I hadn’t seen until now and
pulls out a roll of duct tape. I whimper, my knees buckling, but Matt keeps
me held in place while dots start to cloud my vision, my chest burning
trying to get a breath into my lungs.
“I guess I have some time.” Tyson nods.
I can’t fight one of them, let alone two of them.
“I like to play with my toys,” Tyson announces, ripping a piece of duct
tape free off the roll with his teeth. “What about you, Matt?” He places the
tip of that piece on his arm, then rips off another. Then another. Until he’s
got four pieces total.
I start thrashing in his hands, my scream muffled, and I can feel how hard
Matt is. They’re going to kill me, but not before they rape me.
“That’s the best part,” Matt agrees. “What do you have in mind?” Matt
shoves me forward, and I manage to get a quick scream out before I hit
Tyson, and his hand wraps around my throat, cutting off my air.
His once pretty blue eyes are burning into mine. His hand squeezes my
neck painfully so that he picks me up off my feet and throws me down onto
the large coffee table, pinning my arms under me once again.
I kick and wiggle, but as usual, it does no good. Tyson holds out his right
arm with the four pieces of tape on it. “Shut her up!” he orders Matt.
He rips off the tape and places them over my mouth, each one like a
punch to my gut. Knowing I won’t be able to get it off. When the last one is
on, Tyson lets go of my neck, and I suck in a deep breath through my runny
nose.
Tyson steps back, and I roll over onto my side, my body convulsing on
the coffee table before I hit the floor.
“Fuck, I’m glad you could join us.” Matt chuckles and slaps him on the
back.
Tyson ignores him and wraps a hand in my hair, yanking me to my feet.
“You’ve got five minutes.” Then he shoves me away from them.
Matt’s laughter grows, and I know I’ve lost. It’s over. My worst
nightmare just doubled. Tyson was playing Ryat all along. Just another lie.
Another part I never saw coming.
I turn, my hair whipping me in my tear-streaked face, and I run out of the
living room, knowing I have nowhere to go but have to try.
I’m running down a hallway when I feel a hand grab the back of my shirt
and pull me into a blacked-out room.
I scream into the tape when my back is shoved into a wall, a hard body
pressing into mine.
“Shh, Blake. It’s me.”
Ryat.
SHE STIFFENS, HER screaming stops, but she’s breathing heavily.
“It’s me, Blake,” I say again. Then I reach over and flip on the light. She
blinks several times before her pretty blue eyes meet mine.
I run my hand down the side of her bloody and duct-taped face. “I’m
going to take this off, okay? But you have to stay quiet.”
She nods, blinking, and tears run down her face.
I rip it off all four layers as quick as I can.
“Oh, my God! Ryat, what … how …?”
I slap my hand over my mouth. “We have to be quiet,” I tell her.
She nods once again, and I remove my hand. She sucks in a deep breath,
but does as I say. “That’s my good girl.”
She whimpers, and I pull her from the wall. Digging my hand into her
front shorts pocket, I pull out a handcuff key and spin her around, undoing
them.
“Ryat …” She sobs softly, her shaking hands coming up to her mouth to
try to quiet it. “I don’t …”
“I’ll explain it later, okay?” Before she can explain I kiss her forehead.
Her hands come up and dig into the material of my shirt. “Fuck, I’ve missed
you, Blake,” I whisper and pull her into me, hugging her tightly.
“I love you,” she sobs, digging her face into my chest.
“I love you too.” I pull away, grabbing her tear-streaked face. “I need you
to stay here.”
“What? No!” Her eyes widen as panic takes over her features. “Ryat …
no.”
“I need you to stay here. In the dark. I’ll be back, okay?”
“Please.” She chokes out, her knees give out. Before she can fall, I grab
her, gritting my teeth at the pain it causes in my side to help her to the floor.
I popped several pain pills on the plane ride here, but they’re not really
doing any good.
“I promise, Blake. Look at me!” I order, roughly gripping her face. I wait
for her eyes to focus on mine. “I promise we’ll be going home soon. But I
have to get Matt.”
“But Tyson—”
“He came with me, Blake. He’s here to help us.”
I lay in my hospital bed waiting for Phil to return with my pain pills so
we can get the fuck out of here, and I hold my cell to my ear. “Hello?”
“Hey Ty, I ….”
“Fuck, Ryat! It’s good to hear your voice.”
“I need a favor,” I say getting to the point of this call. I don’t have the
luxury of time right now.
“Name it,” he comments without hesitation.
I’ve been unfair to him. None of what happened to Blake that night at
Blackout was his fault. Plus, he was the one I got the tracker idea from after
she ran from me. Let’s just hope I don’t find what he found when I get to her.
She sniffs and nods quickly. I turn off the light and lock the door before
shutting it behind me so Matt can’t enter without kicking the damn thing
down.
“Here we come. Ready or not.” I hear Matt call out with excitement.
I pull the Glock out from behind my waistband and grip it tightly in both
of my hands. It’s going to take everything in me not to shoot him between
the fucking eyes, considering what he’s done with Blake. I almost want to
say fuck the confessional and just get rid of him right here and now. But
that would be the easy way out for him.
“Hey Ty?” Matt’s voice carries down the hall.
“Yeah?” He asks.
“How’d you get in?” Matt questions and my teeth grind. Fuck! I thought
we’d have more time. We were planning on Matt being more into the chase
than wonder how Tyson got into the home.
“Tunnels.” Comes his clipped answer.
I come to the end of the hall and see Matt still standing in the living
room, hands on his hips. “When did you get the chance to be alone with
Blakely that you were able to put a tracker in her, without her knowing?”
He wonders.
“Really, Matt?” He barks, standing behind the couch, pulling a collar and
leash out of his bag. “We going to play a hundred questions or are we going
to play with the bitch?”
My teeth grind at Ty mentioning touching my wife, but I understood this
was going to be needed. Doesn’t mean I like it though.
“Oh, we’ll play.” Matt assures him. “But you won’t be touching her.”
What the fuck? my eyes widen when I see someone enter the room
behind Tyson. Rushing out into the living room, I lift my gun and point it at
the man. “Don’t fucking move.”
Matt spins around to face me, shock covering his features. “Ryat.” He
growls.
“Get the fuck back.” I order the man who holds a gun to the back of Ty’s
head.
“Jesus!” The man hisses but stays where he’s at. “You can’t do one
fucking job, Matt.”
Matt’s jaw tightens. “He was dead when I left him, Dad.”
“Dad?” Ty chuckles, his body softening, no longer finding the man
behind him a threat. “You were in on this too?”
“Of course, he was.” Matt snorts. “She was going to kill him.”
My brows pull together. “What does that mean?” I bark. “Why would
Blake …”
“Her initiation.” Ty interrupts me, spinning around to face Jake Winston.
“You were the one supposed to be at Blackout. You’re the reason Matt was
even there in the first place.”
He presses the gun into Ty’s chest and shoves him backward into the
couch. “That bitch has become more of a problem than pussy should be.”
Jake snaps.
Blake had only ever received her first text the night before initiation. I
had checked her cell in the hospital and never saw where she got another
one with her assignment details the night of the attack. Now I know why.
That’s why Matt didn’t kill her, or take her, it was a diversion. He was just
trying to save his father.
“Why would the Lords want you dead, Jake?” I demand. “What have you
done?”
He gives me a chilling smile. “it’s what I’m going to do.” Lifting the gun,
he places it between Ty’s eyes.
I pull the trigger, the sound of my gun firing, rings out in the room,
shooting his hand. Jake cries out, the gun falls from his hands and Ty
knocks a fist into his face.
Matt turns and charges me. I pull the trigger again, but he’s already on
me, the gun firing off into the ceiling as he picks my feet up off the floor.
He slams my back into the coffee table, and it takes my breath away. Pain
shoots up my side and a burning sensation follows that makes me see dots
floating around.
Fuuuccckkkk!
“Don’t worry, Ryat.” He laughs in my face. “I’m going to make your
wife my whore.”
No! “Over my dead body.” I grind out.
Laughing he ignores that and adds. “I won’t be stingy like you. I’ll make
sure that everyone else gets a taste as well.” Getting up off me, I start
coughing, sucking in a ragged breath. I feel wetness on my back and know
that the impact has done something to my already injured body. I’m
bleeding out. Probably ripped open my stitches. I might die right here and
now, but I will take Matt with me.
Gritting my teeth, I land a punch in his face, knocking him back,
knowing I’m running out of time to do what I came to get done.
BLAKELY.
I EXIT THE bathroom at the sound of gunshots. Ryat told me to stay here but I
can’t. He’s alive! He came for me. I have to help him. In any way that I can.
Running down the hall, I hear people struggling—men grunting. Coming
to a stop, I see Tyson kicking a man huddled on the living room floor by the
couch. He stops and the man rolls onto his back, moaning in pain, face
covered in blood and cradling a bloody hand to his chest.
Tyson leans down, retrieving a gun from the floor and straightens,
pointing it down at who I now recognize is Mr. Winston—Matt’s dad. “If
the Lords want you dead, then you already are.” Tyson fires the gun at him,
shooting Jake in the face.
I yelp, jumping back and my ears now ringing.
“DAD!” Matt yells, running over to him.
Tyson takes a step back, the gun hanging at his side.
Matt drops to his knees and pounds his fists into his father’s chest. His
heavy breathing fills the room when he wipes his own bloody face with the
back of his hand.
I smile, the scene all too familiar. I was doing the same thing to Ryat
when Matt shot him. But only I know Ryat really didn’t die. Jake is dead.
The fact that half his face is gone, says it all. “Karma is a bitch.” I say but I
don’t think anyone hears me.
Matt jumps to his feet. He goes to charge Tyson, but he lifts the gun
again, pointing it at Matt’s chest. He comes to a stop, his nostrils flaring and
chest heaving. “You son of a bitch! I will fucking own you!” Matt shouts.
“You always were a worthless Lord.” Tyson tilts his head to the side.
“They should have killed you years ago.”
Matt’s face turns red and his blue eyes narrow to slits at his words. “Do
it!” He slaps his own chest like a gorilla. “Fucking kill me you sorry son of
a bitch!” Matt screams.
“In time.” Tyson tells him calmly.
“You don’t have the fucking balls!” He eggs him on, stepping into the
barrel.
Tyson takes the gun and slaps Matt across the face with it. So hard it
knocks him to his knees “You of all people should know the Lords don’t
allow us the easy way out.” Tyson squats down next to him. “They make us
suffer more than anyone.” Then he looks up and I see Ryat stepping behind
Matt.
He grips a handful of Matt’s hair and yanks his head back, before sinking
a needle into his neck. Matt’s body falls to the floor next to his dead father.
“Ryat!” I gasp, running to him.
“Blake,” He mumbles my name when my body connects with his.
I wrap my arms around him, and he stumbles back. His hands go to my
hair, but he doesn’t hug me as tight as I do him.
“Whoa!” Tyson grabs my arms and yanks me free of Ryat.
“What’s wrong?” I ask, wiping the tears that run down my face. I didn’t
even realize I was crying until now.
“We gotta get them to the plane.” He snaps, helping a pale-face Ryat over
to the couch. He sits him down and I see he’s bleeding.
“Oh my, God. Is he going to be okay?” I ask panic gripping my chest.
What happened? Did Matt shoot him again?
“I’m fine,” Ryat coughs out.
And the look that Tyson gives me says the opposite. “Ty—”
He places his hands on my shoulders, giving me a little shake. “I need
your help, okay?”

“I’M GOING TO get Matt on the plane and secured, and then I’ll come back
and get Ryat,” Tyson informs me.
“Okay.” I nod, running my hand through Ryat’s dark hair while his head
rests in my lap in the back seat. “I can’t believe you,” I say angrily. He
shouldn’t have even come. He wasn’t ready to leave the hospital.
“You were in trouble,” he manages to wheeze out.
“You’re right. You are in trouble,” I snap at him. “Putting your life in
jeopardy. Again.”
He coughs. “You did it … too.” Pushing off my legs, he rises.
“Ryat! You’re supposed to wait …”
“I can walk, Blake.” He shoves the car door open and gets out.
“Shit!” I jump out on my side and run around the back just in time to see
his knees buckle. “I got you.” I grab his arm and wrap it around my
shoulders, holding him up.
“I told you to wait!” Tyson snaps at me, running down the stairs from my
father’s private jet.
“It was his idea!” I growl, tattling on my husband like a child.
Coming up to us, Tyson grabs his arm and takes my position. I help the
best I can to get him up the stairs and into the plane, but I feel like it’s more
of those better jobs for one person sort of thing.
“Open the bedroom door.” Tyson gestures with his chin to the back of the
plane.
I run ahead of them and shove it open, holding it while he helps Ryat
inside. He sets him on the edge of the bed. “Stay right here.” Then he looks
at me. “Don’t let him lay down. Keep him sitting up.” Before digging into
his pocket, handing me a pocketknife. “Cut his shirt off him.”
I nod, taking it. “Okay.”
“Blake,” Ryat whispers when I just stand here.
“I know,” I sniff and fumble with trying to open the damn thing. I drop it
on the floor. “Shit.” And pick it up.
He reaches up, placing his bloody hands on my shaky ones. My eyes
meet his—he looks exhausted. “I’m sorry.”
He frowns.
My throat closes. “For this ... for you. I did this …” Sniffing, my bottom
lip begins to tremble.
“No. You didn’t, Blake.” He shakes his head once.
A tear runs down my cheek. “Thank you for saving me.” I’m still having
trouble believing he’s alive in front of me. I’ve seen the vision of him
laying dead on the cabin floor too many times to now accept this is real.
That I get another chance to be with him.
“I told you.” He gives me that Ryat smirk. “I’ll always find you.”
The door to the room opens, and Tyson enters once again with a bottle of
scotch in his hand and pills in the other. “Take these.” He shoves them into
Ryat’s hand and then opens the bottle before also handing that over. Then
his hard blue eyes look at me. “I need that shirt off!”
Carefully, I cut down the front of it, making sure I don’t cut Ryat on
accident. Once I’m done, Tyson rips it off the rest of the way and tosses it to
the floor. “Stand in front of him. I’m going to need you to hold him in
place.”
“What do you mean in place?” I rush out.
But he ignores me and climbs onto the bed and sits behind him. “Ryat,
man, I gotta close this up.”
“I know,” he acknowledges before taking another gulp of the liquor.
Tyson opens up a briefcase of some sort, and my eyes widen when I see
what’s in it. But I’m not sure why. I should have expected this kind of shit
on my father’s private jet since he’s a Lord. I’m sure this situation happens
often when they go on assignments. “I have a needle and thread, but that’ll
take too long. My other option is staples—”
“Burn it,” Ryat growls, interrupting him. “Cauterizing will be the fastest
way.”
“What?” I ask, that panic gripping my chest. “No. There has to be
something …”
“Do you want him to bleed out?” Tyson snaps at me, and I swallow,
shaking my head.
“Hey.” Ryat takes my shaking hands in his and pulls me into him,
looking up at me. And all I can think about is those pain pills aren’t going to
kick in fast enough. He’s going to feel this.
“Do we have any drugs?” I ask, licking my wet lips. We need what Ryat
gave me when I ran. It knocked me out almost instantly. Tyson shakes his
head without even looking up at me.
“It’ll be okay. I promise,” Ryat assures me when he sees the way my
shoulders tense.
“Hand me the scotch,” Tyson demands, pointing at it on the small ledge
next to the bed. I do as he says. “Put this in his mouth.” He hands me a
washcloth.
Before I can do anything, Ryat snatches it from my hand and shoves it
into his mouth, and then wraps his arms around my waist, while I stand
between his parted legs. Letting out a shaky sigh, I wrap my arms around
him, holding the side of his head to my chest.
Tyson takes a lighter and runs it along the blade of the knife, heating up
the metal that he’s going to use to stop it. I blink, allowing the fresh tears to
fall so I can see better.
Placing the handle of the knife between his teeth, he picks up the scotch
and pours it over my husband’s back. Ryat tenses, and a muffled sound
comes from his gagged mouth.
I whimper, and Tyson’s blue eyes glare up at me as if I’m making it
worse.
I gently scratch Ryat’s head, holding him to me, and I know he can feel
me shaking. Then Tyson heats the knife up once again before pressing it—
blade flat—along the cut on my husband’s back, who tightens his hold on
me.
The smell of burning flesh is enough to make me want to vomit. Then to
know it’s my husband literally has me gagging. But I manage to keep it
down.
Once done, Tyson drops the knife beside him before grabbing something
from the briefcase and taping it up.
I look up at the ceiling, trying to stop the tears from falling before I have
to look at Ryat in the eyes again. I don’t want him to see me upset.
“That’ll be good enough until we can get him to the hospital. I’ll let the
pilot know we’re ready. Make sure he lays on his stomach.” And with that,
he leaves us alone.

I EXIT THE bedroom, leaving the door open so I can hear if he needs me. I
walk down the aisle and come up to the front where Tyson sits. Typing
away on his cell, I sit across from him, thinking it would be awkward if I
chose anywhere else since we’re the only two awake. “He’s asleep,” I
inform him, and he nods but doesn’t look up at me.
“I didn’t watch you and Ryat in the basement.” He says out of the blue.
Frowning, I argue. “But you told Matt …”
“I gave Ryat the codes to shut off the security cameras. I knew you two
spent some time in the basement that night when he turned them off along
with the others inside the club.”
I let out a lone breath at his words. Ryat was right—he was a hundred
percent on our side.
Another awkward silence falls over us, not really having anything to say
to that. I feel stupid now that I believed him. But in my defense, it was very
convincing. “I … thank you.” I hold out his pocketknife for him.
He finally looks up but makes no move to take it from me. “It’s bad luck
to close a knife that someone else opened.”
Sighing, I close it and hand it out again. He takes it this time.
He finishes typing on his cell and then puts it away, sitting back in his
seat, and grabs a glass of scotch that sits on the table between us. I notice
there’s another one. “I made you a drink.”
I just stare at it, making him chuckle and add, “I didn’t drug it.”
“I wish. I could use a good nap right now.” Then my eyes slide over the
empty plane. “Where is Matt?”
“Where he belongs—with the luggage.”
Looking back down at the drink, I almost take a sip but then remember
the possibility of being pregnant. I doubt he knows that, though. I wonder if
he knows I know what happened to him. Or the rumors about his chosen?
“Can I give you some advice?” he asks.
I look up at him through my lashes. “Yeah.” Honestly, I’m fucking
drowning. Out in the middle of the ocean with my hands tied behind my
back. My husband is passed out in a room behind me after his friend took a
heated knife to his skin to stop the bleeding from a gunshot wound my ex
gave him trying to kill me. Fuck, yeah. Give me all the advice you got.
“Don’t ever make him choose.”
I frown. “I don’t under …”
“Between you and the Lords.”
Why would he think I’d make Ryat choose? I understand that he took an
oath for them. And if they betray that, the penalty is death. “I would never
…”
“You will. You may not mean to, but you’ll fight. Every couple does.” He
takes a sip of his drink. “And when you get mad, he’ll yell and say some
hurtful shit and then he’ll get called away for an assignment. And when he
should be working, he’ll be checking his phone to see if you ever responded
to his five apology texts.” He looks over at the window, the glass of scotch
resting on his knee. “I’m not saying he’ll choose the Lords over you if you
put him in that position.” His eyes come back to mine. “I’m telling you that
he will pick you. And that’s what will get him killed. I know it’s selfish. To
tell you to forget about your feelings and always put his first.”
“Isn’t that what you do when you love someone?” I ask softly.
He lifts his drink to his lips and snorts before throwing some back. “No
two people love the same way. And everyone has a different opinion on
what love actually is.”
I sigh. Ryat and I do fight. A lot. Will it always be like this? Once
everything is out in the open and there are no more secrets, will we still go
at each other’s throats? I can’t answer those questions, but I do understand
that Tyson isn’t wrong. Ryat would go crazy if he had to leave, and I was
mad and ignoring his texts. “How often will they take him from me?”
“There are no set dates. But Ryat is one of the best, and the Lords know
that. It could be three times in one year or it could be twenty.” He shrugs
carelessly. “He could get called out after breakfast and return before dinner.
Or he could miss Christmas, anniversaries, and the birth of every child you
guys decide to have.” Lifting the drink, he finishes it off. Setting it down on
the table, he runs a hand down over his lips and unshaven face. “A Lord
serves whenever he is called. We’re machines bred for war. And someone,
somewhere is always trying to wage one.”
His answer doesn’t make me feel any better. But it makes me wonder
how he knows this. Is it from experience? I know something happened to
his chosen, but he also doesn’t wear a wedding ring. Which makes me
curious why he never moved on. “Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.” He surprises me with no hesitation.
“You’re older.”
A sly smile spreads across his face, making his blue eyes shine brighter.
“That’s not a question.”
I swallow nervously. “Three years older than Ryat. Why aren’t you
married to a Lady?” He just stares at me, that smile now gone, and I feel I
need to explain. Shifting in my seat, I tuck a piece of hair behind my ear. “I
thought you know, pretty much all Lords are arranged to marry someone
before they graduate from Barrington.”
He nods. “They are. The Lords feel a man is better respected with a wife.
It makes them look dependable and trustworthy to the outside world.”
“So you never had an arranged marriage in place?” I’m not sure if his
chosen was just for fun or if she was the one he planned on marrying, but
I’m not going to ask him that.
“There was.” He relaxes back into the leather of his seat. “But
circumstances change. And I saw an opportunity. The Lords needed
someone to do their dirty work.”
“Blackout?” I make sure I’m following.
He nods. “I was supposed to wear a suit and tie, run a multibillion dollar
business—have the gorgeous wife with a dog, two kids.” He waves his hand
in the air. “All that shit. Which, at one point, I thought I wanted. But just
like anyone else, I changed my mind and presented the Lords with an offer.
I choose to take Blackout for one reason.”
“Which is?” I ask slowly, wondering if I’m digging in too much, but he’s
willingly giving me information. Ryat would never tell me about Tyson, and
I respect that about him. But that doesn’t mean I don’t want to know.
“They agreed to let me pick who I marry. When the time comes.” A slow
devious smile spread across his face, showing off his perfectly white teeth.
My frown deepens. “You wanted freedom to pick who you marry so
much that you gave up your higher title of a Lord?”
That smiles widens into something sinister. “I’m the kind of man who
will crawl across the floor and lick the dirt off your shoes like a peasant
begging a king for some scraps. Just to make you think I’m weak. So, when
they look away from me, I can slit their throats.”
Ryat.
I OPEN MY heavy eyes and smell the sterilized room before I even see the
white walls and realize I’m in a hospital bed. I go to lift my right arm, and it
doesn’t budge. “Not again …” My eyes fall to look at it, half expecting it to
be handcuffed to the railing, but instead, there’s a brunette cuddled up to my
side, sleeping on it.
Blake! Thank God. Leaning down, I kiss her forehead, letting my lips
linger to feel the touch of her skin on my lips.
Her eyes flutter open, and it takes her a second to focus on me. “Ryat?”
She gasps. “You’re awake.” She goes to get up, but I hold her in place.
“No, Blake …”
“But Dr. Gavin—”
“No. please.” I pull her into me. “Stay here.” I take in the smell of her
hair, that familiar strawberry smell making me smile. “Stay here with me.
For just a bit longer.”
“Okay, Ryat.” She looks up at me and gently kisses my cheek.
“God, I missed you,” I say, and her eyes fill with tears.
“Don’t ever do that again,” she growls. “Just so you know, I’m going to
kick your ass when you get to go home.”
I laugh and kiss her forehead. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah.”
The moment she answers, I see the bruise on her eye. “He hit you?”
“I’m fine …” She pulls away.
“Blake.” I growl. “Tell me what he did to you.” I’m going to make him
confess his sins of LeAnne to the Lords at confessional but not what he did
to her. I don’t want everyone knowing what my wife went through.
Sighing, she runs her hand through her hair. “He told me to run.”
I frown, remembering something about a game. “Why would he …?”
“He wanted to act out my fantasy,” she whispers nervously. “Told me to
run from him. He wanted to catch me and rape me.”
My teeth clench, my muscles stiffening, making my already sore body
worse.
“I was able to keep him off at first. Then he caught me, and Tyson was
there …”
“We needed Matt to believe that Tyson was there for you,” I inform her.
Matt was going to be suspicious no matter how it went down, but we knew
he wouldn’t pass up on having the extra help to use her. “He had to play a
part.”
She snorts. “He played it well. Tyson had me thinking he was in on the
attack at Blackout. He even threw me onto the coffee table …”
“He had to get close to you,” I say even though I hate the fact that he
touched her. Not pissed that he was rough with her, but that he put his hands
on her in any way. Or the fact that Matt honestly thought he and Tyson were
going to rape my wife. “We knew he’d have you restrained somehow. It
was either rope, zip ties, or handcuffs.”
She frowns, her brows pulling together. “That’s why the key was in my
pocket?” I nod. “Tyson put it there while I was lying on the coffee table.”
The moment that Tyson saw she was cuffed, he had to get close to her.
“I’m sorry, Blake.”
“I’m fine.” She grabs my hand. Giving me a soft smile, she adds, “Matt
never touched me.”
She’s lying. The mark on her face proves that he did get his hands on her
before I could get there. “You saved me. Again.”
Cupping her soft cheek, I run my thumb over her warm skin. I don’t
know what I’d do if I never got to see her again. “I love you, Blake.”
“I love you too.” She leans forward, gently pressing her lips to mine.
When she pulls away, I look around the room, but it’s still just the two of
us. “Where is Matt? Please tell me he didn’t get away again.”
“No. Tyson has him in the basement at Blackout. He told me to tell you
that when you’re ready, he’ll hand deliver him to the cathedral.”
I start to push myself up. “We can do it tonight.”
She places her hands on my chest and pushes me back down. “No.”
“Blake …”
“I need you back to yourself. And Ryat, that’s not going to happen until
you heal.”
“Blake,” I growl. Not her too.
“We need you.”
“We don’t have time …” I pause. “We?”
A smile covers her face, and she nods. “We, Ryat.” Reaching over, she
picks up a black and white picture and holds it out to show me. “We’re
having twins. And we’re going to need you …”
“Twins?” I ask to make sure I heard her right.
She nods, a gorgeous smile on her perfect face. I’ve never seen her eyes
so bright. “Two babies.”
I reach over, grabbing her face, and pull her into me. This time, I kiss her
deeply, passionately. I ended up going after her, but she was the one who
brought me back. This woman is incredible. And I’m the luckiest man to
call her mine.
BLAKELY.
RYAT HAS BEEN in the hospital for three weeks. He ended up needing surgery
again due to internal bleeding. He overdid it and required a lot of rest. I’ve
made sure that he’s gotten it. I’m actually surprised he’s been so compliant.
He must have really needed it, considering how stubborn he is. But I can
match it. As a Lady, I understand what my Lord must do. I also understand
that even he has limits. And before too long, there’ll be two more people for
us to care for. I needed him to recover a hundred percent.
I’ve spent every moment here in this room with him. But I know once he
gets discharged today, it’ll be out of my control. He’s been antsy. He wants
revenge, and I do too.
I spit out my toothpaste and wipe my mouth off, exiting his private
bathroom and walking into his room.
He stands by his hospital bed, pulling his jeans up over his legs still
shirtless.
I lean up against the doorway and watch him. He’s lost some weight,
even with all the food that Gunner and Prickett have been bringing us from
the outside. Although he didn’t need to. Ryat Alexander Archer is ripped.
From his chiseled abs to his broad chest and muscular arms—the man is
delicious. And I’ve been craving him.
He looks up and smirks, catching me staring. Then he reaches into the
bag that sits on his bed, pulling out a dress. “Wear this,” he orders.
I laugh like he’s joking. Then look out the window to see the snow
covering the ground and building. “Ryat, it snowed yesterday. I’ll freeze to
death.”
He walks over to me. “I’ll keep you warm.”
“I’m serious.”
“Me too.” He arches a brow, daring me to argue.
I snort. “How did that get in there anyway?” I’m surprised he hasn’t
burned it.
“I told Sarah to pack you something sexy.”
“It’s a little revealing, don’t you think?”
“Maybe I want to see what’s mine,” he counters.
I sigh, knowing that Ryat is a hundred percent back to himself and that
my track record sucks when it comes to winning these battles with him.
Rolling my eyes, I reach down and remove my sweater, letting it fall to
the floor and then undo my jeans and shove them down my legs, kicking
them away.
“Lift your arms,” he commands, and I raise them above my head,
allowing him to slide it on over my body. The cool material is soft against
my warm skin. “Perfect,” he praises, running the tips of his fingers over my
breasts that the V cut design shows off, and I blush.
He places his hand between my thighs and runs it up to cup my pussy. I
moan, wanting to feel him there. To feel him all over me. I don’t know if
it’s the pregnancy or what, but I’m always horny. More than usual. Maybe
it’s just the fact that I couldn’t have him while he was recovering.
“Come here.” He grabs my hand and pulls me over to the bed. Reaching
out, he shoves the bag off it and onto the other side of the floor. “Bend over
and spread your legs!” he growls in my ear.
I don’t argue. Instead, I’m thanking God. Bending at the waist, he yanks
up my dress and slaps my ass.
I bury my face into the bed so someone walking by his room won’t hear
us in here. He slides his fingers into my thong and runs his knuckles up and
down over my soaking wet pussy. I push my hips back.
“Someone is eager,” he muses.
“Please,” I beg, knowing that no matter how much he’s trying to go slow,
he wants to fuck just as bad.
He doesn’t respond, but the sound of his zipper being lowered is all I
need to know. Seconds later, the head of his cock pushes its way inside me,
and I moan at the feel of him spreading me to accommodate his size. My
eyes almost roll back into my head at the sensation. It’s been too long.
He pushes all the way in, and my breath catches. Then he leans over my
back and wraps his hand around my throat, squeezing but not enough to
take my air away. “Fuck, Blake,” he growls before his lips are on my neck,
sucking on my skin while his hips pick up their pace, fucking me up against
the side of the bed.
I place a hand over my mouth to quiet my unintelligible noises that he
forces from me. His teeth sink into my skin, and then he stiffens, coming
inside me.
He pulls out, and I sag against the bed. “That’s no fair,” I whine.
Laughing, he slaps my thigh, making it sting. “You’re not done.” He
kneels behind me.
“What are you …?”
“Stay like that!” He slaps my pussy, and I yelp, before burying my face
into the bed again.
His fingers spread me wide open, and I suck in a deep breath when I feel
something cold and rubber being pushed into me. “Ryat—what …?”
“Just a little fun.” He stands and grabs my hand, helping me to stand as
well.
Ryat.
“ARE YOU HUNGRY?” she asks, looking out the passenger window of
my car that I had Gunner drop off at the hospital for me this morning.
“For you,” I answer, my eyes running over her smooth and defined legs.
My cock is hard knowing that my cum is running out her cunt right now.
She rolls her eyes. “For actual food. I need to stop at the store on the way
home. What would you like for dinner?”
“I could live off your pussy, Blake.” I reach out and slide my hand
between her thighs.
“Ryat,” she protests, swatting my hand away. “You’re driving.” Looking
around once again, she asks, “Where are we going?” Her head whips
around to see I just passed our exit.
“I have to see someone before we go home,” I answer vaguely. Knowing
she’s about to argue with me, I pick up my cell in my lap and turn on the
app.
“Ryat!” she squeals seconds later when the vibrator inside her pussy
comes on.
“We’ve got a thirty-minute drive, Blake,” I inform her, smirking over at
her discomfort. “How many times can you come in that amount of time?”
“You can’t be serious.” She whimpers, throwing her head against the
headrest while I speed down the highway.
“Of course, I am.” I drop the phone to my lap, leaving it on.
“Fuck,” she whines, her hands fisting the hem of her pretty sundress. I’m
ripping that off her and burning it the moment I get my wife home. She was
right. It’s way too revealing, but it serves a purpose.
Unable to help myself, I reach over again, sliding my hand into the top of
her dress and squeezing her breasts.
“Ryat, please. I can’t …”
“You can and you will,” I say, giving her hard nipple a pinch before
removing it. “I want your underwear soaked with my cum and yours.
Fucking drenched, Blake.”
Her hands grip her thighs while she rocks her hips back and forth. I
didn’t let her cum when I fucked her in my hospital room. I made her wait
on purpose, knowing that she’s been dying for a release.
She throws her head back, arching her back, and a sound of pure torture
and relief fills the car before she sags against the seat. “That’s one.” I count,
and she immediately starts adjusting herself once again.

I PULL INTO the back parking lot of Blackout and turn off the car. She sinks
into the seat when I turn off the app, utterly spent.
Leaning over, I slide my hand between her legs. “Perfect.” I praise her,
my fingers running up and down her thong. It’s soaked just like I wanted.
Slapping her thigh, I order, “Spread your legs. Wide.”
She closes her eyes, swallowing, and does as I say. I pull her underwear
to the side and grab the vibrator, slowly pulling it out. She whimpers at the
loss of it.
Unable to stop myself, I bring it to my mouth and lick up the side of it,
tasting that sweet honey I love. Then I drop it and get out. Going over to her
door, I open it up for her and pull her out.
I then toss her over my shoulder, and she squeals. I slap her exposed ass
and carry her across the parking lot so she doesn’t have to get her heels wet.
The ground is covered in snow and water puddles.
Entering the side door, I drop her to her feet and press my body into hers
up against the painted black wall. “Who are you?” I demand, my eyes
roaming her pretty face. She’s still trying to catch her breath.
“Your good girl,” she answers softly.
“You’re goddamn right, you are.” I grip her face and kiss her, allowing
her to taste what I just did in the car. She opens up for me, and I deepen the
kiss before quickly pulling away. Then I’m pulling her down the stairs,
entering the basement.
Tyson stands in the center of the room with his legs spread wide and a
water hose in his hand while spraying down a chained Matt. “You gotta
look your best for your company,” Ty tells him.
“Fuck you!” Matt shouts, spitting water out of his mouth.
He’s tied to a chair in the center of the room. Drains are placed
throughout the concrete floor for these exact reasons.
“I see nothing has changed,” I announce our presence. “I wanted to stop
by and see how you’re doing. You know, before I gut you.”
Matt thrashes in the chair.
I had spoken to Tyson this morning before Blake ever woke up. I wanted
to stop by and give Matt a little gift before I kill him. “But first … I wanted
to come by and give you a little something.” Tyson and I both turn to look
at my wife who leans against the far wall, her arms crossed over her chest
and looking a little unsure as to why we’re here. “Remove your underwear.”
I order.
Her wide eyes meet mine, and she swallows. But she only hesitates for a
second before she uses the wall as support and pushes her thong down her
still shaking legs. I walk over to her, and she hands them over, her cheeks
red.
I turn back to Matt. “You wanted a taste.” It took some time, but that was
all Blakely and I had in the hospital room. I got her to tell me every little
second of detail that happened while he had her. “I thought I’d oblige.
Consider it your last meal.” I shove her cum-covered underwear into his
mouth. And then slap my hand over it while Tyson rips off some duct tape
from the roll and places multiple pieces over his face when I remove my
hand.
Matt’s body starts convulsing as if he’s fighting not to throw up and
choke on his own vomit.
I grip his face and force him to look up at me. “I fucked that sweet cunt
thirty minutes ago and came inside it.” I give him a chilling smile at the
horror in his wide eyes. “In case you were wondering why they’re so wet.”
His face goes red with rage while he glares up at me.
I told my wife that no one would ever hear or watch me fuck her, and I
meant every word. But I never promised that another man wouldn’t taste
my cum out of her cunt, smeared on her underwear. It’s why I bit her neck
and slapped her inner thigh in the car. I wanted to show her off to him.
Show what I have that he’ll never get. No matter what he does. I needed to
remind him that I fucking own him as much as he wishes he owned her. I
could have come in a cup and forced him to swallow it, but this was
sweeter. Thinking he was getting her but not without me—my wife and I
are a team. A Lord and a Lady.
I slap the side of his face, making him flinch. “I’ll see you soon.”
With that, I turn and grab Blake’s hand and exit the room with Tyson
behind us. “When do you want him delivered?” he asks, after locking the
door.
I look at my wife and see her cheeks flushed and eyes on the floor,
knowing that I have some time to make up with her. “I’ll make it for
Sunday night.” It’s Thursday, so that gives me the rest of the week and all
weekend to spend at home alone with my wife, reminding her that she
belongs to me. Till death do us part.
BLAKELY.
SUNDAY NIGHT, I sit on the couch inside of the office at the cathedral. Ryat
silently sits at the desk when a soft knock comes on the door.
“Come in,” Ryat calls out.
I look up from the couch to see Tyson enter. I don’t know why I expected
him to be dressed in his cloak and mask, but he’s not. Instead, he wears a
pair of black jeans and a black V-neck T-shirt. His dark hair just as unkept
as usual. “He’s ready.”
Ryat nods. “Thanks. I’ll be right there.”
Tyson looks at me, and I have a feeling he’s challenging me. This is one
of the times when I’m going to have to put my feelings to the side for my
husband. Exiting, he shuts the door behind him.
Silence lingers among us, and I look down at my wedding ring when
Ryat talks. “Blake, you don’t have to—”
“I’m staying,” I interrupt him, meeting his stare.
His lips thin, but he nods once. “I just need a minute.” He goes back to
typing away on his phone.
There’s another knock, and Ryat slams his cell down with a sigh.
“What?” he snaps.
The door opens, and my father steps inside, closing it behind him. I
stand. “I should go …”
“Wait!” He holds out his hands in surrender.
I stop, dropping my eyes to the floor. I haven’t spoken to him since I was
in the hospital. He hasn’t even tried to call or text me. I’m not sure if that’s
on his part or if Ryat blocked him from my cell. At this point, I don’t even
care to ask. “I’d rather not,” I state and walk past him. But just as I grab the
door handle, I pause and turn back around. My husband sits at the desk, his
fingers interlocked behind his head, relaxing back in his chair, eyes on
mine. My father, however, looks like a wounded puppy, staring at the floor.
“I need to know something.”
“Anything.” His eyes meet mine, and he takes a step toward me.
“Matt told me that a Lord can’t choose any woman. That they have to
come from a list.”
He swallows nervously but nods his head once and whispers, “That’s
true.”
I let out a rough laugh that makes him flinch. “You were whoring me
out?” I snap, thinking that Matt had lied to me. But nope. It was the fucking
truth! “That’s what a chosen is, Father—a whore!” I didn’t understand it
then. Hell, I still don’t a hundred percent, but it’s obvious these parents loan
these women out to the Lords to serve them for their devotion. We’re a
prize. An offer of servitude. What if I’m having daughters? I will never
allow this to happen to them! Or sons? I sure as fuck wouldn’t want our
sons to have to take a chosen. Fuck, I don’t even know what all happened to
Tyson’s, but I know she wasn’t the first one to die.
“No.” my father shakes his head quickly, taking another step toward me.
“It wasn’t like that.”
“Then what was it like?” I demand.
Ryat drops his hands from behind his head and stands. “Blake …”
“No. I got this.” My father lifts his hand to my husband. I cross my arms
over my chest and push my hip out, impatiently waiting. “Your mother—
Valerie.” He corrects himself. “Signed you up because she wanted you to be
with Matt. That was her and Kimberly’s plan. When I found out, we got
into an argument. I didn’t want you to be a chosen, but it was too late. I
couldn’t stop it. My only other option was to intervene. So, I gave Ryat the
assignment that I did, knowing that his loyalty was with the Lords, and he
wouldn’t turn it down.” He takes another step toward me, and I match it,
my back hitting the door, and his face falls. “I never thought it would go
this far. Please, Blakely. You have to believe me. I was just trying to save
you from Matt.”
I look at Ryat, who stands behind his desk, hands shoved into the pocket
of his jeans. His emerald eyes on mine give nothing away. Does he regret
it? That’s my biggest fear. I know we didn’t get here by chance. It was
forced. But I still fell in love with him, nonetheless. What if this is just his
commitment to the Lords? What if I’m just some game he refuses to lose? A
game that he will do whatever it costs.
“Give us a moment,” Ryat tells my father.
He lets out a sigh and drops his shoulders, making his way to the door,
and I step out in front of it so he can exit.
Silently, I look down at my wedding ring when Ryat walks up to me and
places his hands on my face, gently forcing me to look up at him. “Stop,”
he orders.
I go to look away, but his hands prevent it. “I see that look on your face,
Blake. I want you to know this … whatever is said out there, or whatever I
do—just know that I love you.”
I nod, and tears sting my eyes.
“I mean it.” Pulling me to him, he gives me a tender kiss on my forehead.
“You might have started out as an assignment, but you are my life now.” He
drops his hands to my baby bump and rubs it gently. “You three are my life.
And you guys will always come first. Do you understand me?”
His words make my heart race, and I swallow nervously. “I love you,” I
whisper.
Giving me a tender kiss on the lips this time, he pushes open the door,
and we enter the cathedral. All the Lords are present in the pews dressed in
cloaks and masks. Ryat leads me to the front row, and I sit down in the
same spot I had last time I witnessed him torture someone who tried to
destroy my life with him.
Ryat makes his way up the stairs, and he walks over to a black sheet that
hangs from the ceiling. He reaches up and yanks it down, exposing what’s
behind it—Matt.
He’s got his arms tied above his head by a rope secured to the ceiling.
His feet are spread wide, chained to the floor, and all he wears are his
boxers.
He’s covered in blood, and I wonder just what Tyson’s been doing to
torture him for the past month while Ryat recovered. It wasn’t enough to
kill him, but definitely enough to fuck him up by the bruises and dried
blood on him.
Ryat moves to stand behind the baptism pool and faces the congregation.
“Lords, I find this to be a teaching moment for you all.” He starts. “This
here is a fellow Lord who decided to betray his oath and be disloyal to us.”
Matt lifts his head and glares at the back of Ryat’s head.
“What is his penalty?” Ryat asks.
“Death!” Everyone answers at the same time, making me jump.
“Go ahead.” Matt growls, “I won’t say shit!”
A smile spread across Ryat’s face. “You don’t have to … but she will.”
The sound of a door opening and closing on the second floor fills the
large space, and then I see my dad dragging Valerie onto the stage. I sit up
straighter, my eyes shooting to Ryat. His eyes are already on mine. He tried
to tell me I didn’t have to stay here tonight. Is this why? I thought he was
trying to save me from what he was going to do to Matt, but maybe it was
to protect me from the woman who I grew up thinking was my mother.
My father brings her to a stop and forces her to her knees. She whimpers
behind her gag. Stepping up to her, he removes it, and she cries harder. He
grips her hair and yanks her head back. “You get one chance to explain
yourself,” he says calmly.
I’ve known my father was a Lord since Ryat brought me back, but I
never expected to see him in action. Is this what he wanted to talk to me
about in the office? Prepare me for what he had planned on doing? Maybe
he didn’t want me to be here either.
She sobs, her body shaking. “He killed her.”
“Valerie!” Matt snaps. “Shut the fuck up, you stupid bitch!”
Ryat walks over to him and yanks something out of his back pocket. It’s
a black ball gag. He shoves the rubber ball into his mouth and then fastens
it behind his head. “You’ll have your turn,” he assures him.
“it’s okay,” My father runs his hands over her hair and her body shakes
with fear at the single touch. “Keep going.”
She sniffs. “I … I found where you had been talking to LeAnne. You
guys wanted to tell Blakely about her …” Her tear-filled eyes meet mine. “I
couldn’t let that happen. I couldn’t …”
Dropping my eyes to the floor, I dismiss her. I honestly thought she was
my mother my entire life, and even though I loved her, I can’t get over that
she was going to take my babies. That she thought I had failed her so badly,
that she wanted a do-over.
“Go on.” My father urges her. His hand still in her hair lovingly, but she’s
shaking like a leaf in a tree.
“He was just supposed to scare her. But Matt took it too far.” She cries.
“And killed her …”
“You’re correct.” My father takes a step back from her and she sags with
relief. Thinking he’s going to reward her for telling the truth. “Matt did take
it too far.” He agrees, nodding his head once. “But LeAnne is still very
much alive.”
My eyes shoot to Ryat and he’s looking at my father, confusion written
all over his face, informing me he was in the dark just as much as I am.
“No.” She shakes her head quickly. “He killed her …”
The sounds of the double doors opening behind me squeak. Everyone in
the pews turn around to stare at whoever entered but I can’t. I’m frozen in
place. Staring up into the loft at my husband. His already sharp jaw
clenches, body going rigid, and eyes darken.
The sound of a pair of high heels on the concrete floor is all you hear as
someone—no—some woman walks down it. I wrap my arms around my
growing stomach protectively, not knowing what to expect while tears fill
my eyes.
“Don’t stop on my account.” A woman’s voice announces to the
congregation, making my chest painfully squeeze.
No. No. No. I don’t believe it.
“LeAnne.” My father says the name and smiles. “I thought you’d want to
join in on the fun.”
Blinking, tears roll down my face.
Matt thrashes in his restraints while Valerie sobs on her knees.
I see a figure out of the corner of my eye start climbing the stairs to the
left. I can’t help but look at it. Long dark hair that flows down her back in
big waves. She’s dressed like she’s going to a funeral. Big black hat with a
black lace veil covering half her face. A tight-fitting black dress with a long
train. Coming to the loft, she turns to face the congregation and I hear the
Lord members sitting in the pews gasp at her beauty. The woman screams
power and radiates wealth. She’s stunning with sun-kissed skin and big blue
eyes. Lips that look to be done—but not overly big—painted fire engine
red.
I look just like her.
“I don’t understand.” Ryat is the first one to speak. “I saw you die.”
“No. you saw me laying on the floor. You never checked to see if I was
dead.” LeAnne corrects him.
He scratches the back of his neck, taking a step back. The fact that he’s
truly bothered by this, makes me even more nervous.
She goes to stand in front of Valerie, her hands on her slim hips. “You put
a hit out on me.” The sounds of her slapping her follows. “Because you
didn’t want Blakely knowing the truth.” She laughs, gripping her face and
shoving her head back forcing Valerie to look up at her. “If it wasn’t for me,
you would have never had the chance to be a mom. It’s not my fault you
failed.” LeAnne shoves her away.
Valerie sobs, her head falling forward.
“And you,” She walks over to Matt who continues to thrash around. “You
wanted to rape me. Men always think their dick gives them power.” She
reaches out and grabs him between the legs, making him throw his head
back and scream into his gag. “This makes you weak.” She snaps her
fingers, and my father walks over to her, a knife in hand. He holds it out to
her, and she let’s go of Matt just in time to stab him between his parted legs.
The Lords all groan when she yanks it out and blood pours down Matt’s
legs to the floor, screaming into his gag. “And let’s make it clear—you
pushed me.”
My eyes fly to Ryat, and he’s seemed to have composed himself. His
fisted hands and heavy breathing show his anger over the turn of events.
“How …?”
“I knew you were coming.” She interrupts my husband and looks over at
my father. “He gave me a heads-up.” She laughs softly. “I ordered the hit on
Nathaniel. I requested you.” She presses a black pointed fingernail into my
husband’s chest and my teeth grind at the contact. “Then Phil informed me
that you had a partner. I knew his reasons for tagging along immediately.
All because of your wife.”
Ryat stiffens but shoves her hand away from his body while I sit up
straighter when her eyes land on mine. “Bring her up.”
Two men grip my upper arms and I’m yanked up from my seat. “Don’t
touch me!” I shout, trying to get my arms loose but they effortlessly drag
me up the stairs.
“What the fuck,” Ryat barks, rushing over to me once we hit the landing.
He yanks me free of the two men.
“It’s quite alright.” LeAnne says, gesturing to me and Ryat shoves me
behind him, shielding me and the babies. “I’m not here to harm her.”
“Then don’t have your fucking dogs touch her.” He snaps.
“Quite the opposite actually.” She holds up the knife that’s still covered
in Matt’s blood, handing it out to me handle first. “I’m here to give her what
she wants. Revenge.”
My heart is pounding, my adrenaline soaring. Swallowing I step out from
behind Ryat and look at her. I reach out with a shaky hand and take it from
her. “Is this … is this an initiation?” I ask and my voice shakes. Am I being
tested? If so, why isn’t Ryat in on it? He looks confused and pissed.
“No.” She takes a step back. “This is for fun, darling. Mommy here sold
you to the Winston’s to keep her secret of sending Matt to kill me.”
My eyes widen and look down at Valerie. She’s still sobbing, rocking
back and forth on her knees. “That’s why you were so obsessed with me
marrying Matt?” I demand. “You were willingly going to hand me over to
him because Dad was still talking to my birth mother?”
She lifts her head, snot and tears running down her face. “I am your
mother! You ungrateful little bitch!” Her eyes go to LeAnne who places her
bloody hand on her hip, looking bored. “All you had to do was marry him!”
“He didn’t want me!” I scream.
Snorting, she licks her lips “You think I wanted your fucking father? You
make sacrifices for the Lords.”
My hand shakes, holding the knife, and my grip tightens. “You were
going to take my baby.” I don’t want anyone to know that I’m having two.
That’s for me and only my husband to know.
“She what?” Ryat demands, stepping into me.
He thinks I told him everything that went on those days that I was in
lockdown with Valerie and Matt, but I didn’t. I ignore him and step closer to
her, “You said that you would cut my baby out of me yourself and leave
what’s left of me for Matt.” Angry tears fill my eyes. “A mother would
never say that to her child.”
Growling, she lifts her chin. “Good thing I’m not your mother.” Her eyes
go to Ryat who stands to my left. “He doesn’t fucking love you! You’re a
game, Blakely. To Matt. To him. I was going to do you a fucking favor.”
Her green eyes move to my stomach. “I deserve that baby! I deserve my
chance. And I’m going to get it …”
Cutting her off, I drop to my knees and shove the knife into her stomach,
horizontally. Valerie’s mouth falls open, a single breath leaving her parted
lips before I yank on the handle, pulling it across her abdomen, splitting her
fucking open—gutting her—like she had planned on doing to me.
Kneeling in front of her, I feel the blood on my skin and soak up into my
jeans. I watch, unable to look away—the life draining out of her green eyes
—and I hope that Ryat was wrong about there not being a heaven and hell.
Because I hope she’s burning. When my day comes and I have to face my
God, I will gladly go to hell for the life I took, because it saved two others.
My children deserve a chance at a life they want. Not one that this bitch
was going to dictate.
Ryat.
“WONDERFUL.” THE CRAZY bitch claps her hands, turning to face the
congregation. “You are dismissed, Lords,” LeAnne announces. “This is a
family matter. Shoo.” She waves her hands in the air.
Ignoring her, I kneel next to my wife. She’s still on her knees, shaking
and her hand gripping the handle of the knife that is inside of a dead
Valerie. “Blake?” I say softly, brushing the hair off her shoulder to her back
so I can get a better look at her profile. “Blakely?”
“She’s fine, darling.” LeAnne laughs as if this is a joke.
I look up at her, narrowing my eyes on hers. “You can leave too.”
She opens her mouth but Phil steps in next to her. “Come on. Let’s give
them some space.”
“But …”
“You’ve got plenty of time to talk to her.” He assures LeAnne and all I
can think is over my dead body! That bitch isn’t going to come near my
wife. I don’t trust her.
“Alright.” She nods and looks over at a bloody, but very much alive Matt
hanging from his restraints. “But what about …?”
“I’ll fucking handle it!” I snap, getting to my feet. “Get the fuck out!”
Her face hardens and she steps into me. “Listen here, boy.” She points a
finger in my face. “Everything you have is because of me. I can take it
away just like that …” Her fingers snap and I fist my hands to keep from
snapping her goddamn neck.
“Now, now, now. It’s been a long day.” Phil grabs her shoulders and pulls
her back from me. “We’re leaving.” He nods and then takes her hand,
pulling her over to the stairs.
“Blake?” I bark with a little more bite than I meant to. It doesn’t faze her.
She sits on her knees, her clothes now soaked in blood and sniffing.
“Come on.” I lean over, grabbing her under her arms and yanking her to her
feet.
“I … killed her … I …”
I spin her around to face me, grabbing her face in both of my hands.
“Look at me.”
Tears run down her cheeks, smearing her once pretty makeup. “She was
going to take our babies …” She rushes out.
“Hey,” I say softly.
“I couldn’t … wouldn’t let her do that.” She licks her wet lips.
“You don’t have to explain yourself, Blake. It’s okay.”
“And Matt,” Her watery eyes go to his bloody body. “He was going to let
her.”
“They can’t touch you, Blake. Never again.” I reassure her when I see
something out of the corner of my eye. Taking a quick look, I expect it to be
LeAnne but it’s Ty joining us.
“I promise,” she begins to cry. “I promise to protect them …” Dropping
the knife at our feet, her arms cover her stomach.
My heart breaks for her. How unsure she must feel right now. All the lies
she’s been told throughout her life. Hell, even I didn’t expect LeAnne to be
alive. That for sure threw a curve ball. “I know.” I decide to say. Knowing
that anything else won’t get through to her right now. “You did good,
Blake.” I say running my hand over her long dark hair. “You’re my good
girl.”
Her bloody hands grip my shirt, and she buries her face into it. Wrapping
my arms around her shaking body, I hold her to me. I look over at Tyson
who stands next to Matt, and I nod to him.
Tonight, did not go how I had planned, but at this point I just want it to
end. I want to take my pregnant wife home, give her a bath, and move on
with our life together.
Ty picks up a rope from the table and walks behind Matt. He wraps it
around his neck multiple times and then throws it up to hang over the
rafters. Pulling a knife out of his pocket, he leans down and cuts both that
are wrapped around his ankles. Then Ty yanks on the new rope around his
neck, pulling his bare feet up off the floor.
I slide an arm behind Blake’s knees and the other around her back,
picking her up and start carrying her down the stairs while I listen to Matt
struggle before silence falls over the cathedral.
*
Epilogue.
TEN WEEKS LATER.
Ryat.
I ENTER THE cabin. “Blake?” I call out but am met with silence. “Blake?”
I say a little louder but again get nothing in response. When I rush into our
bedroom, the door hits the interior wall from my force. “Blakely?” I snap
her full name.
Still nothing.
Entering the bathroom, I let out a sigh when I see steam coming from the
shower. I start kicking my shoes off and undo my jeans, followed by my Tshirt. Opening the glass door, I find her standing with her back to me and
her head under the water.
Reaching out, I wrap my arm around her and pull her off her feet, making
her squeal. “Ryat!”
I spin her around and pin her back to the wall, cupping her face, and she
laughs.
“You scared me.”
“Sorry.” I smile, and she gives me a face that says she knows I’m not the
least bit sorry. “How much do you love me?” My hands drop to her growing
belly. We just found out last week that we’re having twin boys. I couldn’t be
more ecstatic, but a part of me feels sorry for my wife. The fact that she’s
going to live in a house with me and two boys just like me. Good thing
she’s stubborn and hardheaded.
Her face falls, and she stiffens against me. “What did you do?”
“I lied,” I admit.
“About?” she growls.
I had told her that I had an early meeting at the house of Lords, but that’s
not where I’ve been for the past two hours. “I had a meeting, but it wasn’t
with the Lords.”
She frowns. “Why would you lie about that? Haven’t I proven myself,
Ryat? That I can handle this.”
“Of course, you have.” I didn’t want to get her hopes up just in case it
didn’t work out, but it did. And now I’m dying to tell her. “I had a meeting
with Gregory Mallory.”
Her frown deepens, tilting her head to the side. “I … wait, isn’t he the
judge that you went to jail for?”
I nod. “He owed me a favor.”
“What kind of favor?” she asks skeptically.
“Remember how you said if you had the choice, you’d choose to stay
living here in the cabin, in Pennsylvania?”
“Yeah,” She answers slowly.
“Well, I just cashed in my favor.”
“I don’t understand.” She licks her wet lips.
“He’s going to be retiring and when that happens, I’m going to take over
his position.” Being a Lord is a fast-track to your career. But it’ll still be
about ten years out before I’m a judge. In the meantime, I’ll be a highpriced attorney to get the courtroom time needed. If I start right out of the
gate, it’ll raise too many questions.
She gasps, her hands going to her mouth. “Are you serious?”
I nod. “Yep.”
“We’re staying here?” Her hands hit my chest excitedly. “We don’t have
to go to New York?”
“Nope.” I shake my head.
She jumps up and down before she slams her lips to mine. My hands go
to her wet hair.
I never wanted to go to New York. My wife’s reluctance just solidified it
for me. I can be powerful anywhere I go. The Lords want me to be a judge,
so that’s what I’ll be, but they never said where I had to live. Everyone just
expected me to go back home, but things have changed. This woman has
become my home. She’s having my sons. And even more of my kids after
that. I want a house full of them. I’m going to keep her knocked up. She
deserves for me to give her the life that she wants. And that is here, in this
cabin, with me and our growing family.
I can’t guarantee that I’ll grow old with her, but I will spend every second
of every day that I’m alive proving to her that she comes first no matter
what.
BLAKELY.
I ENTER THE house I grew up in, in Texas. Shutting the door behind me, I
walk down the hallway to my father’s study. Turning the doorhandle, I
pause and knock on it instead.
“Come in.” The voice calls out.
Taking in a deep breath, I enter. LeAnne sits behind his desk, looking like
the queen sitting on her throne, dressed in a black off the shoulder dress
with her fake tits popping out the top. Her dark hair up in a tight twist.
I hate how much I look like her. It’s a reminder of how stupid I was all
those years that I believed the lies I was told about my mother.
“Does Ryat know you’re here?” Is her first question.
“Of course.” Lie. “I don’t keep secrets from my husband.” There’s no
way in hell he’d let me come and see her without him. He hates her!
Doesn’t trust her. I feel the same way, but a part of me couldn’t turn down
her request to see her today. Ryat got called away for an assignment late last
night and I feel like that wasn’t a coincidence. Something tells me that this
woman has a lot of pull with the Lords. I’m just praying that he’s too busy
to check the tracker he placed in me after I ran. A part of me wants to rip it
out. The other part reminds me that it saved my life and being a Lady means
I’m never truly safe.
She smirks, gesturing to the chair across from the desk. “You’ll learn that
even in a marriage, sometimes the only person you can trust is yourself.”
“Coming from the woman who left her family.” I bite. I feel bad for my
father too, I wasn’t the only one she left behind. But she’s got him fooled.
Considering he still seems to love her.
She opens up a drawer in the desk and hands me a piece of paper. “What
is it?” I ask, keeping my hands in my lap.
“Have a look.”
Reaching out, I take it and read over the writing. It’s a marriage license
with her and my father’s name on it. “I don’t understand.”
“Me and your father got married his senior year at Barrington.”
I frown. “What’s this have to do with me?” Tossing it onto the desk, I sit
back in the chair. “Just further proves my point that you left not only your
daughter but also your husband.”
“Bigamy is illegal in every state.” She answers.
My eyes drop to her ring finger and see a massive diamond on it. “So,
you got a divorce and married someone else?” I nod. “Not sure why that
was so important.” I remember Tyson and Matt discussing once a Lord dies,
his Lady is given to a new Lord. I wonder if she requested my father since
Ryat killed her husband last year, now that Valerie is dead also.
“I’ve only ever been married to one man, Blakely.” She opens another
drawer and pulls out a picture, placing it on the desk in front of me.
Picking it up, I see it’s a younger version of her, but it looks like me. The
guy she’s standing next to is my father. “I … no.” I shove it away. “You
were married to the man Ryat killed.” I can’t remember his name. not sure
anyone ever even told me that information.
She tilts her head to the side. “Your father’s marriage to Valerie was the
lie. It was never legal because we were already married.”
I run a hand through my hair. “Why does this fucking matter?”
“Because I want you to know the truth.”
I snort. “Nothing is true. All I’m told are lies.”
“You think I left you behind because of your father. I left you because the
Lords called me. And you never, ever tell them no.”
“Why would they tell you to leave him?” I scoff. I know the Lords have
to obey their oath, but I’ve never been told that a Lady has to do with that.
“Because Nathaniel Myers was my assignment.”
My spine stiffens at her answer.
“An assignment that ended up lasting much longer than it should have.
That’s why I had the hit put out on him. I was done and needed it to end.”
Swallowing, I shift in my seat. “Still not sure what this has to do with
me.”
“Men come and go, Blakely. But your child? That’s where they get you.
These Lords prefer arranged marriages because they refuse to fall in love
with their wives because that’ll show weakness.” She snorts. “Men can get
pussy anywhere. Woman can get dick anywhere. It’s the kids that makes us
savages. You have already proven that with how you handled Valerie at the
confessional. You took her threat of taking your child personally.”
I admit that I panicked after what I did set in. But if I had a chance to
redo it, would I? Absolutely. In a heartbeat. “Is that what you plan on
doing? Force me to do what you want or take my child?”
“Of course not.” She snorts as if that’s absurd. “I just want you to
understand that I did what I had to do … for you.”
I slam my hands on the desk. “Quit lying to me!” Getting to my feet I
lean over it. “You haven’t been around for twenty years! None of what you
did was for me.”
She leans back in her seat crossing one leg over the other, not fazed by
my outburst. “Ryat.”
My husbands’ name on her painted red lips makes my heart beat faster.
“What about him?”
“That was me.” She tilts her head to the side.
“No.” I refuse to believe that. “Dad …”
“Valerie signed you up for a chosen in order to pay off her debt to Matt
for killing me. But how do you think you ended up with Ryat?”
I fall into my seat. “Dad made him choose …”
“I made that decision.”
No. It can’t be. My father told me that he knew Ryat was the better
choice. He was saving me from Matt. But my father has lied to me more
than once. This woman who says she’s my biological mother has no reason
to lie to me, right? “Why?” I’ll bite.
“I saw how he was that night. He got in, got the job done and he never
told a soul about what Matt did. Or tried to do. That’s a great Lord.”
I roll my eyes. “I’m so tired of the fucking Lords.”
“And Janett?” She laughs. “Did you really think that woman was going
to hire you? You had no experience. No ID, money. Nothing. Not to
mention you were underage.” She holds her hands out wide. “I made sure
that she took you in.”
“No,” I whisper. My father was mad when I got back. “No one knew
where I was.” If she was aware where I was, then my father would have
known. He would have never let me stay away as long as they did.
“Oh, I did. Of course, I kept that to myself.” She gives me a smile. “I
wanted to see just how far Ryat would go to find you. He didn’t disappoint.
That’s when I knew I had made the right choice.”
I sit frozen, listening to her. How much this bitch orchestrated
everything. It played out like a game to her. “And the fact that dad and Mr.
Archer wanted Ryat to confess to what Matt had planned on doing to you?”
I question. It doesn’t make sense. When I was in the hospital, dad wanted
Ryat to confess. If they knew LeAnne was alive, then they already knew the
truth about what Matt did that night.
She throws her head back laughing like I’m too stupid to catch onto
something that should be easy to comprehend. “He was being tested. See,
the Lords are always making the Lords prove themselves. And well, the fact
that he wasn’t a snitch saved his life.”
“So, his father was testing him, knowing that if he failed, they’d kill
him?” That’s what they do to a Lord who goes against their oath.
She waves a manicured hand in the air as if it’s no big deal. Live or die
didn’t matter to her what happened to my husband. “He had no choice.”
That’s the same thing that Ryat told me when I asked him about the
divorce papers. The Lords had ordered it and that was that.
LeAnne reaches out and grabs a cigarette, lighting it up. lifting it to her
lips, she goes to take a drag, but I yank it out of her hand, putting it out on
the surface of the desk. “I’m fucking pregnant.” I remind her
“Oh, yes.” She smiles. “With my grandsons.”
I slowly sit back and the look on my face makes her laugh.
“I know everything.” She says matter-of-factly.
“What do you want?” I ask, tears building in my eyes. “I’m tired of
games. Just tell me why you wanted me to meet with you today.”
She runs her tongue along the top of her teeth and then gives me a soft
smile. “I just wanted to see you.”
My brows pull together.
“I wanted to tell you—face-to-face—that I’m proud of you.”
I hate the way my heart accelerates with those words. I don’t know this
woman and I have no want to know her. “I don’t need your validation.”
“I know, but that doesn’t mean I can’t tell you.” She shrugs.
“Unbelievable.” I shove myself up from the chair and make my way to
the door.
“A Lord is nothing without his Lady.” She calls out, making me pause. I
turn back to look at her. “Ryat without you, is just another ordinary man.”
Standing, she walks around the desk and makes her way over to me. “You
make him a Lord, Blakely.” Reaching out, I suck in a deep breath when her
fingers grab a piece of my hair. “Don’t ever kneel thinking that you need to
serve him. Kneel because you want to serve him.” I swallow nervously.
“You have the power to make him hear, see and believe whatever you want
to. Keep that in mind when he tells you he loves you.”
Knocking her hand away from me, I snort. “I’m nothing like you,
mother. I won’t abandon my family or manipulate my husband.”
“Maybe not right now.” She agrees, her eyes dropping to my growing
stomach. “But by the time they’re ready to start initiation, you will be.”
I slap her, the sound bouncing off the walls of my father’s study.
Stepping into her, I press my chest into hers, my blood boiling at her choice
of words. “You will stay the fuck away from me, my husband and my kids.
Do you understand me?”
“Blakely,” She rubs her cheek, laughing softly. “It is inevitable.”
“No.” I refuse to believe that. “My children will not be a Lord, or a Lady.
I refuse …”
“The only problem with that, darling. Is that it’s not your decision to
make.” My chest tightens. “Why do you think me, and your father didn’t
want you to know about our life?” She arches a brow. “Our real story?”
Shaking her head, her eyes soften. “You cannot keep them from it, no
matter how hard you try. You might as well accept that now.”
The first tear spills over my bottom lashes because she’s right. I know it.
There’s no way Ryat can get out of the Lords and there’s no way I can keep
it out of our future. “I’ll do whatever needs to be done.” I finally say.
A smile, making her look like the Cheshire cat appears on her face. “And
that right there is what makes you me whether you like it or not.”
*
18 YEARS LATER.
Ryat.
I STAND IN our kitchen, dressed in my suit, a cup of coffee in one hand,
papers in the other. I have court this afternoon. Day two of a trial that I
already know will take months. It’s a Lord who fucked up. But to the world,
he’s another corporate billionaire who deserves to rot in hell. I already
know the outcome, but we have to give the world the show they want. Once
he’s sentenced and forgotten, he’ll be terminated. Like all the Lords before
him that betrayed their oath.
Looking up I see Reign enter, dressed in a pair of basketball shorts and
nothing else, looking like he hasn’t slept in days. “Want to tell me why I got
a notification that the alarm was turned off at three in the morning?” I ask,
setting my cup down on the counter.
He smirks, “I think you’d rather me not.” Opening the fridge, he grabs a
jug of milk and tosses it back without grabbing a glass. He knows his
mother hates when he does that.
“Whoever she is, she better be gone.” I inform him when he lowers it.
That smirk back on his face. The look in his green eyes tells me that she’s
definitely still in this house. “You have ten minutes.” I warn.
“He only needs two.” Royal—his twin brother—enters the kitchen not
looking any better. His hair a disheveled mess. It’s hard to miss the
scratches on his bare back and bite marks on his neck. He’s only dressed in
a pair of sweatpants.
“Your mother will be home any minute with your sister, and I’m not
going to cover for you two.” I shake my head.
They both snort, trying to act unfazed. They tower over her five-foot four
frame, standing at six-two, but I’ve seen her level them with a single look.
“Hey, I’ve only got one girl in my room, dipshit here, has two.” Reign
points over at Royal.
Me and Blake have always been open with the boys about sex. We
understood that it was going to happen. They’re seniors in high school
about to graduate, but that doesn’t mean she openly allows it under our
roof. “Roy—”
“They already left.” He assures me.
“So, Dad …” Reign leans against the opposite corner, facing me and I
already know what’s coming. “We both need to talk to you.”
Royal shakes his head, his unruly hair falling into his eyes. “There is no
we. This is a you conversation.”
Reign rolls his eyes at his twin before they meet mine again. “Graduation
is coming up. Just three more weeks. Then initiation at Barrington starts this
summer …”
“We should have this conversation when your mother gets here.” I
interrupt him.
“We know how she feels about the Lords.” He sighs, “But we want to
join.”
“No.” Royal shoves his shoulder playfully. “You want to be a Lord. Why
the fuck would I want to sustain from sex just to prove I’m a man?”
Snorting he adds. “I like pussy too much for that shit.”
I run a hand over my shaved face. “Boys …”
“Maybe if you’d stop fucking for five seconds, you’d be able to see the
bigger picture here.” Reign snaps at Royal. “Being a Lord …”
“Is overrated.” Royal looks at me. “No offense, Dad.”
I shrug. “None taken.” A part of me is proud that Reign wants to join, but
a bigger part wants him to be himself. It took me a long time to realize just
how much the Lords controlled my life. I dedicated everything to them long
before initiation even started. But no matter what, I can never regret my
decision to join because it led me to Blake.
“I …”
The sound of the front door opening and closing cuts off Reign and his
lips thin at the fact his mother is home. She has made herself very clear how
she feels about them joining the Lords—not going to happen. We’ve spoken
to them about it over the years. Of course, there were some personal details
that we didn’t tell them, but we wanted them to see the kind of evil that
lives out there. That the devil does in fact come to you in the most alluring
form.
“Good morning,” My wife enters the kitchen with our daughter behind
her. Her long dark hair down and in big curls, dressed in a charcoal suit and
black heels. She’s still just as stunning as she was when I ran into her at
Barrington.
“Morning,” I grab her hand and pull her into me, cupping her face. “I
missed you.” She was only going for two days but it felt like forever.
“Missed you.” She leans up in her heels and gently kisses my lips before
pulling away.
“How was Stanford?” I ask, looking at our daughter. Ryann looks just
like her mother, but I don’t worry much because Royal and Reign don’t
even let boys around her. They protect her like I protect their mother. It’s
been nice having backup. She’s a junior this year in high school. And she
reminds me of Blake—she can’t wait to get the hell away from here.
When I first met Blake, she longed for a different life than the one her
parents allowed her to have. And we’ve done everything in our power to
make sure our daughter is going to get a chance at what she wants.
“Amazing!” She smiles.
“You guys can’t be serious about letting her go to Stanford?” Reign
demands. “I thought it was a joke.”
“Not everyone wants to stay home with mommy and daddy.” Ryann
places her hands on her hips. “Some of us have dreams.”
Reign scoffs. “It’s like thirty hours away …”
“Try forty,” Royal corrects him.
“They make these things called planes.” Ryann says sarcastically. “We do
have one. You can come and visit me anytime.” She looks at Royal. “Lots
of hot girls there. Think hot weather—beach and swimsuits.”
“Really?” He arches a dark brow with interest.
“Speaking of girls. Looks like you lost a fight with a tree.” Blake
observes Royal, her eyes looking over his scratches with disapproval.
Reign starts laughing, Ryann pulls her lips back and Royal just shakes his
head. “Something like that.”
“I hope you use protection.” Ryann states.
“What the fuck, Ry? You shouldn’t know things like that.” Reign tells
her.
“Condoms?” She asks tilting her head to the side.
“Sex.” Royal answers.
“I’m seventeen, not ten.” She throws her long dark hair over her shoulder
and exits the kitchen.
“Dad …?” Reign’s eyes go from mine to his mothers, when he nods his
head.
“We’ll discuss it later.” I tell him as Blake exits the kitchen. I follow her
down the hallway to our master suit.
“Does this conversation we’re having later have anything to do with the
two girls driving down our driveway at seven in the morning, or the one I
watched sneak out the sliding glass door?”
I smile, she sees everything. “No. He wants to join the Lords.”
Her body stiffens. “No.” She shakes her head.
“Blake—”
“The answer is no, Ryat! You know how I feel about that.” She removes
her suit jacket and throws it down onto the bed.
“We all do but he wants to join them as bad as you wanted to go to
Stanford.” My wife never wanted to attend Barrington, but again, she
wasn’t given that option. For the last two months her and Ryann have been
visiting colleges to see which one is her favorite choice after her high
school graduation next year. So, far looks like Stanford is winning.
“That’s not fair.” She places her hands on her hips and glares at me.
“I know.”
“No, I mean not fair to me. One is an education, the other could get him
killed.” She snaps.
“We always told the kids that we would listen to what they want.” I
remind her.
“Except this.” She pulls away from me and turns her back to me.
“You’re being unreasonable.”
Stopping, she spins around, her mouth falling open. “And you seem to
forget everything you went through because of them.”
Walking over to her, I grip her hips keeping her in place. “He doesn’t
need our permission.”
Her bottom lip starts to tremble, “I know.” She whispers. “I just didn’t
want her to be right.”
“Who?” I frown.
“Doesn’t matter.” She avoids answering.
A knock comes on our door before our daughter steps in. “Hey, my car is
on E …”
“Again!” Royal yells from down the hall.
“So, I’m going to ride with the boys to school.” She informs us.
“Okay,” Blake nods. “Are you sure you got enough sleep on the plane?”
“Yeah.” She smiles at us. “Love you guys. See you after school.”
“Love you,” we say in unison.
Turning her back toward me I hear her sniff. I sigh, “Blake …”
“We’re out.” Reign pops his head in.
“Wait!” She hollers, reaching up and wiping her face before spinning
around to face him. “Your dad said you wanted to talk about the Lords.”
He glares at me and then looks back at her. Answering, he squares his
shoulders. “Yeah, I do.”
She places one hand on her hip the other in her hair, and she nods more
to herself than him. “Okay. We’ll talk when you get home.”
“Really?” he asks, his face lighting up.
“Really.” She tells him.
“Thanks, mom. Love you guys.” He takes off and we both stand silently,
listening to doors shut, the kids argue. Then we hear Royal’s car start before
they drive away. Leaving us in silence once again.
I walk over to her, and she looks up at me with tear-filled eyes. “I don’t
want him to hate me.” She chokes out.
Pulling her into me, I hug her tightly kissing my hair. “He could never
hate you, Blake.”
She pulls away. “I hated my dad and Valerie for so long because I didn’t
understand what was really going on. I thought being truthful with them
was the right thing.”
“It was.”
“How?” She points at the door. “He thinks it’s some game.”
“No. He doesn’t.” Reign understands more about the Lords than I did at
his age. I jumped headfirst not knowing what to expect. I’ve tried giving
him as much information as he could possibly need, knowing that this day
would come. “All we have to do is listen. We’ve still got a few months
before initiation even starts.”
Nodding, she runs her hand through her hair. “I guess.” She says quietly.
“I just feel like my hands are tied.”
“They’re about to be.” My eyes drop to the way her silk button-up blouse
pulls against her chest.
“Ryat—” She shoves my shoulder and I grab her wrists, pulling her into
me. Her body crashes against mine, cutting her off.
Letting go on one, I slide it into her long, dark hair and pull on the soft
strands, forcing her to lift her chin, so she has to look up at me. “We have
the house to ourselves, and I have a few hours before I have to leave.” My
wife has been gone for two days and I plan on making up for that lost time.
She swallows, her pretty blue eyes searching mine. “What should we
do?”
I smile, lowering my lips to her neck. “I know several things that I can
do.” The first thing is to rip these fucking clothes off of her.
After she killed Valerie and Matt was taken care of, everything settled
down. Our life turned somewhat normal—as much as it can being a Lord
and a Lady. I offered to give her a big wedding—a proper one—with
friends and family. I wanted my wife to have the chance for the world to see
me profess my undying love to her. After all, being a Lord has taught me if
there’s not an audience to witness, it didn’t exist.
She declined. My wife understands how much I love her and didn’t need
an audience. Instead, she took pictures. All the time. Of me and her. Of our
twin boys and our daughter. I wanted us to have a big family but
complications during her pregnancy with Ryann resulted in an emergency
c-section and a hysterectomy. And although I imaged us having more, I
couldn’t be happier with the family that she gave me.
I bought this cabin out in the middle of nowhere to be alone. To get away
from everything. My wife made it a home. The once empty house is now
filled with photos over the years we have spent together on vacations, date
nights, our kids succeeding in school and sports. It tells our life story.
Of course, it hasn’t always been pretty. I didn’t expect it to be. Blake can
be just as stubborn as me. We fought over the Lord’s, my career, the kids.
She once asked me if I believed in life after death. If there was anything
better than this. Almost twenty years later and my answer hasn’t changed.
I was forced to pick her as my chosen, but she continues to choose me
every day. And that is what I call heaven. Because life without her would be
hell.
*
THE END!!
